Alabama

Sunset Pointe
831 N. Section St, Fairhope, AL 36532
Chef and Owner Pete Blohme is making show-stopping seafood in Alabama including an amazing bouillabaisse and a dish with a prized cut of meat from red snapper. He is also the chef and owner of one of Guy’s other favorite joints, Panini Pete’s.Special Dishes: Eastern Shore Bouillabaisse, Gulf Snapper Throats

Panini Pete's
42 1/2 South Section St, Fairhope, AL 36526
looking for a fast-food restaurant that is a little more upscale than just burgers and fries should check out Panini Pete's in Alabama. The Italian caprese panini is made with fresh mozzarella and homemade dressing, and the turkey panini has some of the most tender turkey Guy's ever tried.Special Dishes: Italian Caprese Panini, Homemade Mozzarella, Turkey Panini

Manci's Antique Club
1715 Main St, Daphne, AL 36526
Anyone looking to try a po' boy in Daphne, Alabama, should check out Manci's Antique Club, a storied institution that started as a gas station in 1924. It's currently owned by Gwen Manci and her husband, Alex, who serve Southern classics and other comfort food favorites. Guy was a fan of the shrimp po' boy and the Jazzy Burger, topped with Jezebel sauce — ''the craziest sauce I've ever had,'' Guy said.Special Dishes: Shrimp Po' Boy, Soft Shell Crab Sandwich, Jazzy Burger, Jezebel Sauce

Gumbo Shack
212 1/2 Fairhope Ave., Fairhope, AL 36532
When you're hungry for serious Creole food, head on down to Gumbo Shack. The local favorite has bands playing every weekend, gumbo ranked #6 on Alabama's Top 100 Foods to Eat Before You Die, and crawfish so spicy Guy Fieri almost couldn't handle it.Special Dishes: Homemade Gumbo, Spicy Crawfish Boil, Red Beans and Rice


Alaska

In Bocca Al Lupo
120 2nd St., Juneau 99801
Guy never expected to find incredible Italian food in Juneau, Alaska, but that’s what they’re serving up here: Italian classics with an Alaskan twist, like the King Crab Pappardelle. House-made noodles are coated in a creamy bisque sauce, mixed with chunks of fresh crab and topped with lemon crème fresh. “It’s two of my favorite things: crab bisque and a pasta dish,” Guy said.Special Dishes: King Crab Pappardelle, Salsiccia Pizza

Zerelda's Bistro
9351 Glacier Highway, Juneau, AK 99801
When Chef-Owner Abby LaForce met her husband Jeremy Barnett, they mashed up her love for Asian food with his love for barbeque, and Zerelda's Bistro was born. Diners flock here for the fun mash-ups, like the Brisket Pho: Brisket is smoked for more than three hours until its tender, and is then added to a house-made pho broth with rice noodles, white and green onions, and sesame oil. "That smoke kick is killer," Guy said of the soup.Special Dishes: Brisket Pho, Smoked Ribs

V's Cellar Door
222 Seward St, Juneau, AK 99801
This unique fusion spot serves up a mix of Mexican-Korean dishes inspired by the time owner Venietia Santana spent living in Mexico City. Hunter and Guy had the Korean Chicken Fusion Nachos, which showcase the best of both cuisines: Chips are piled high with cheese and beans before they’re topped with tangy marinated chicken. The mouthwatering dish is finished with a scoop of guacamole and a drizzle of sour cream and fusion sauce.Special Dishes: Korean Chicken Fusion Nachos, Korean Short Ribs

Pucker Wilson's
311 Whittier St, Juneau, AK 99801
After a stint living in Australia, owner Chad Edwards moved back to Juneau to open this funky truck—even in the dead of winter, people line up down the street for his food. Guy and Hunter loved his unconventional takes on classic sandwiches, like the Philly Cheesesteak served on ciabatta instead of a traditional hoagie. They also raved about the Cowboy Sundae, Pucker Wilson’s take on poutine: barbeque pulled pork and savory slaw served on a bed of hand-cut fries.Special Dishes: Philly Cheesesteak, Cowboy Sundae

Forno Rosso Pizzeria & Catering
350 Whittier Ave, Juneau, AK 99801
This pizzeria isn’t trying to sling New York or Chicago-style pies: their menu is distinctly Alaskan. Guy and Hunter tried the Reinbeer pie, which is made from light, house-made dough topped white sauce, red onion, jarlsberg cheese and Alaskan reindeer sausage that have been marinated in an amber ale. Another standout is the Nkenna special, a pie topped with melty fresh mozzarella and prosciutto.Special Dishes: Reinbeer Pizza, Nkenna Special

Pagoda Restaurant
431 Santa Claus Lane, North Pole, AK 99705
It's a Triple D holiday essential to relive the famous Chinese restaurant dinner scene from 'A Christmas Story. Pagoda Restaurant loads Hollywood flavor into every nook and cranny of their tangy Alaskan King Crab Legs with Ginger. Beefing up this holiday? Black peppery Pagoda Steak is your ticket.Special Dishes: Pagoda Steak, Alaskan King Crab Legs with Ginger, Walnut Shrimp

Elf's Den Restaurant & Lounge
2556 Mistletoe Rd, North Pole, AK 99705
ways Christmas at the Elf's Den Restaurant & Lounge. Chef Tony Ysais' North Pole workshop is out of toys, playing instead with homemade rolls and Reindeer Sausage Hoagies. Guy insists that you open wide for the Almond-Crusted Beef Tournedo with bearnaise and gravy more than just once a year.Special Dishes: Almond-Crusted Beef Tournedo with Brown Gravy and Bearnaise, Reindeer Sausage Hoagie

Country Cafe
235 North Santa Claus Ln., North Pole, AK 99705
The North Pole's Country Cafe has enough holiday giddyup for all nine reindeer. Guy was ready for a long winter's nap after polishing off their butter-basted Turkey Dinner with homemade stuffing. Eating local? Order the Cranberry-Glazed Ham, lacquered with wild Alaskan cranberry sauce.Special Dishes: Holiday Turkey Dinner, Cranberry-Glazed Ham

Big Daddy's BBQ & Banquet
107 Wickersham St., Fairbanks, AK 99701
At Big Daddy's BBQ & Banquet, they're serving the "northern most southern barbecue." Guy's DDD visit to the Fairbanks, Ala. favorite wasn't complete without sampling the finger-licking Arkansas-style ribs and smoked turkeys from Chef Harold Groetsema, aka Big Daddy.Special Dishes: Smoked Turkey, Beef Brisket

Cookie Jar Restaurant
1006 Cadillac Ct., Fairbanks, AK 99701
The Cookie Jar started with just sweets back in 1986. Today their bag full of tricks has way more than gingersnaps, snickerdoodles and snowballs (oh, my!). Tender Prime Rib Au Jus had Guy melting in his chair - the perfect spot to settle in with one of their glazed holiday Cinnamon Roll Wreaths.Special Dishes: Prime Rib, Cinnamon Roll Wreath, Ginger Snap Cookies

Silver Gulch Brewing and Bottling Co.
2195 Old Steese Highway, Fox, AK 99712
Join Guy at the Silver Gulch Brewery in Fox, AK, the Northernmost brewery in the country. The restaurant serves everything from sandwiches to salads to pizzas in a friendly, casual atmosphere. Try the Porter Beer Cheese Soup.Special Dishes: Beer, Ale Battered Onion Rings, Stout BBQ Burger


Arizona

Inca's Peruvian Cuisine
6878 E Sunrise Dr, Tucson, AZ 85750
Head to Inca’s Peruvian Cuisine for a first-class culinary ticket to Peru in Tucson. Try the Seco de Carne con Frijoles, beef braised in cilantro and Peruvian sauce, and the Lomo Saltado, marinated beef tenderloin sauteed with onions and tomatoes and poured over crispy fries.Special Dishes: Seco de Carne con Frijoles, Lomo Saltado

Cafe Tumerico
526 E. 6th St, Tucson, AZ 85716
When Wendy Garcia moved to the states from Mexico she ditched the carnivore life and starting cooking things her own way. She uses fried jackfruit for her Carne Asada plate and serves it with eggplant chicharron and crispy soy chorizo. The dish was so good Guy had to call his mother and tell her all about it. Also try the cactus tacos. Nopalitos are cooked down with cashew sauce and loaded into tortillas with cabbage and pickle veggies and topped with cashew cream.Special Dishes: Nopalitos Tacos, Carne Asada Plate

Zemam's
2731 E. Broadway Blvd, Tucson, AZ 85716
Chef and Owner Amanuel Gebremariam is bringing the bold flavors and traditions of East Africa straight to Arizona. Guy loved everything saying, “each one of the dishes is individually its own little song and what comes together is the Ethiopian musical.”Special Dishes: Yedero Wat, Yegomen Alicha

Renee’s Organic Oven
7065 E Tanque Verde Rd, Tucson, AZ 85715
At Renee’s Organic Oven, husband and wife team Steve and Renee Kreager are serving up Italian classics their own way. The Tailored Tony is like a Sloppy Joe made for a healthier palate. For this open-faced focaccia local organic beef is infused with tomatoes and topped with melted provolone and roasted red peppers. Also try the Spinach Dip Calzone. Guy described it as a cross between the best jalapeno popper you’ve ever had, a gigantic perogi and a chicken sandwich.Special Dishes: Spinach Dip Calzone, The Tailored Tony

Aloha Kitchen
2950 S Alma School Rd, Mesa, AZ 85210
Can’t get to Hawaii? Aloha Kitchen will transport you to the islands on a plate. Lynn Tso and her husband Ray are serving classic Hawaiian plate lunches and marinated meats to the people in the Arizona dessert. Try the super soft Manapua steamed pork buns or the Korean-style short ribs.Special Dishes: Manapua , Kalbi (Korean-Style Short Ribs)

Grubstak
384 North Gilbert Rd, Suite 106, Gilbert, AZ 85234
Grubstak is an Arizona spot with a knack for the stack. Owner Colton Grubb and chef Seth Widdes work together to create towering flavor combinations to please any palate. A popular pick is the Sweet Lou’s BBQ, which is a combination of shredded braised beef, applewood-smoked bacon and house-made cole slaw all piled on top of crispy sweet potato and regular fries.Special Dishes: Sweet Lou’s BBQ, Chilaquiles

Tacos Chiwas
1923 East McDowell Rd, Phoenix, AZ 80202
Husband and wife team Armando Hernandez and Nadia Holguin are introducing the people of Arizona to flavors from their home state of Chihuahua.  Guy tried the smoked beef cheek Barbacoa Tacos and the smoked brisket Deshebrada Roja Gorditas. “When I eat this I’m tasting culture,” he said.Special Dishes: Barbacoa Tacos, Gorditas

Slanted Rice Vietnamese Bistro
6149 N. Scottsdale Rd., Scottsdale, AZ 85250
A native of Vietnam, chef and owner Hue Tran describes the food at Slanted Rice Vietnamese Bistro as 90% Vietnamese and 10% fusion. Don’t miss the vegetable packed egg rolls rolled in lettuce and fresh mint and served with a spicy-sweet vinaigrette.Special Dishes: Crispy Clay Pot, Crispy Pork Egg Rolls

Republica Empanada
204 East 1st Ave, Mesa, AZ 85210
Republica Empanada is all about family and Latin-American comfort food. Try the classic Arroz con Pollo or the Cubano Empanada which is filled with slow-cooked shredded pork, ham, mozzarella cheese and pickles.Special Dishes: Cubano Empanada, Arroz con Pollo

Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse
7217 E 1st St, Scottsdale, AZ 85251
Chef Kevin Slade found his calling on the barbecue circuit. He infuses his American gastropub cuisine with real-deal smoked meat and kicked-up sauces. Try the crispy Boot Dumplings which are filled with smoked pork belly and shrimp and drizzled with a house-made mango-chipotle barbecue sauce.Special Dishes: Boot Dumplings, French Dip Sandwich

Fat Olives
2308 E Route 66, Flagstaff, AZ 86004
At Fat Olives, Chef and Owner John Conley is making true Neapolitan pizza using an oven handcrafted in Italy, handmade mozzarella and the finest “00” Caputo flour. The Belgio Dulce Pizza is a creative mix of brussels sprouts, house-made Calabrian chile oil, honey and pistachios on a cream base.Special Dishes: Belgio Dulce Pizza, Kenai Pizza

Chino Bandido
15414 N 19th Ave Suite K, Phoenix, AZ 85032
Chino Bandido's Chinese-Mexican-Jamaican dishes have garnered lifelong fans. Guy loved the fusion, calling it one of the most original on DDD. The best part? The menu has more than 90,000 combinations. For a spicy option try the Pollo Diablo, Jade Red Chicken and Jerk Fried Rice. Pow!Special Dishes: Pollo Diablo, Jade Red Chicken, Machaca

Haus Murphy's
5739 W Glendale Ave, Glendale, AZ 85301
Murphy's, you'll find hearty food made from scratch that owner Rose Hoffman grew up with in Munich. Enjoy a big pretzel and a beer, let the sauerbraten tickle your sweet and sour taste buds, or try a German sour roast served with potatoes and cabbage.Special Dishes: Sauerbraten, Pork Schnitzel with Paprika Gravy, Wiener Schnitzel

Matt's Big Breakfast
825 N. 1st St., Phoenix, AZ 85004
Guy isn't usually a breakfast fan but he'll stop by Matt's Big Breakfast anytime of day. He orders the Chop & Chick, a giant Iowa pork rib chop that's marinated in a tangy pesto sauce and served with 2 eggs. It's "good eats" and possibly the closest thing to green eggs and ham.Special Dishes: Waffles, Bacon, The Chop & Chick (Breakfast Pork Chops with Eggs)

La Santisima Gourmet Taco Shop
1919 N 16th St, Phoenix, AZ 85006
u've chosen tacos, like Mexico City-style chicken tinga or spicy Yucatan pork shoulder, top it with fresh salsa from the abundant salsa bar.Special Dishes: Nogada Taco, Oaxacan Black Mole Chicken

The Wild Thaiger
2631 N Central Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85004
This fiery Thai restaurant gets playful with spicy flavors and classic preparations, for dishes like Dragon Eggz — pork, crab and shrimp dumplings — and boar in chile sauce.Special Dishes: Dragon Eggz, Papaya Salad, Coconut Pork

Sal's Gilbert Pizza
1150 S Gilbert Rd, Gilbert, AZ 85296
This pizzeria is a slice of New York in the middle of the desert. Some of the signature pizzas are Italian mash-ups, putting classics like lasagna, ziti and spaghetti and meatballs on top of pies.Special Dishes: Ziti Pizza, Lasagna Pizza

The Duce
525 S Central Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85004
to feel guilty about indulging in the savory delights at The Duce in Phoenix — there's a gym connected to the restaurant for getting back into shape afterward. So go ahead and feast on comfort food faves like Beer Can Chicken, S’mores Cheesecake and Mac & Cheese Muffins (they blew Guy away).Special Dishes: Beer Can Chicken, Mac & Cheese Muffins, S’mores Cheesecake

Tom’s Thumb
9393 East Bell Rd., Scottsdale, AZ 85260
humb is a gas station, car wash, craft shop, wine cellar and competition-style barbecue restaurant, all in one. Chef and owner Kipp Lassetter is a former surgeon, and here he runs a fine operation. Chicken, pork and brisket are all smoked in-house. Try the smoked and fried pork over creamy grits with jalapeno bacon.Special Dishes: Pigs and Grits

Paradise Valley Burger Co.
4001 E. Bell Rd., Phoenix, AZ 85032
comes to burgers, this Phoenix institution knows no bounds. Paradise Valley Burger Co.’s patties are exceptionally creative and universally appealing. Guy tried the country-fried burger, which features a deep-fried patty, green chili gravy and crisp onions.Special Dishes: Country Fried Burger; Booze Burger

Andreoli Italian Grocer
8880 E Via Linda, Scottsdale, AZ 85258
Andreoli’s is the kind of restaurant that makes Italians a little less homesick. This authentic Italian market not only sells imported goods — they make their own takes on international classics in-house. Here, fresh-cured prosciutto hangs in the walk-in, and bread bakes to crusty perfection in the wood-fired oven.Special Dishes: Prosciutto

Thee Pitts Again
5558 W Bell Rd, Glendale, AZ 85308
rd-winning Thee Pitts Again in Glendale, Ariz., has barbecuing accolades stacked over and under the fridge. On Triple D, Guy loved the low-and-slow smoking technique for the succulent pulled pork. As Guy also learned, the technique makes for super tender turkey and catfish, too.Special Dishes: BBQ, Cheryl's Cole Slaw, Roger's Wife Cheryl's Simple Chili

Roberto's Authentic Mexican Food
39510 N. Daisy Mountain Dr. Suite #170, Phoenix, AZ 85086
s to Roberto's Authentic Mexican Food come back saying they serve "true Mexican food." Guy experienced firsthand the killer green chile sauce used for everything from the juicy tacos al pastor made with pork and pineapple to the chimichanga burritos. Guy asked to be a chimichanga ambassador.Special Dishes: Carne Asada, Salsa

Over Easy
4730 E Indian School Rd, #123, Phoenix, AZ 85018
Over Easy for a quality scratch-made Sunday brunch with a Midwest touch. Guy admitted that the savory red-eye gravy on a ham steak was better than his own. The chicken-fried steak was enjoyed for its tomato jam and potato hash browns. The banana French toast made with brioche was "dynamite."Special Dishes: Ham Steak with Red Eye Gravy, Chicken-Fried Steak, Banana French Toast

Los Taquitos Mexican Grill
4747 E Elliot Rd, Suite #17, Phoenix 85044
At this Mexican restaurant, five sisters and a brother are pumping out 300 tacos a day the way Mom used to do it. Guy was head over heels for the carnita taco, calling it "killer." The savory Bombero Sauce was "excellent" as well; he appreciated the spicy kick it gave to the Bombero Burrito.Special Dishes: Tacos, Camarones a La Diabla

La Piazza Al Forno
5803 W Glendale Ave, Glendale, AZ 85301
A father-son operation, the duo churns out delicious pizzas and Italian favorites. Guy couldn't keep his hands off of the Italian Stallion, a pizza loaded with sopressata, Parma prosciutto, Italian sausage, and pepperoni. Still hungry? Try the baked spaghetti pie topped with fresh mozzarella.Special Dishes: Pizza, Chicken Cacciatore

Giuseppe's On 28th
2824 E Indian School Rd, Suite #10, Phoenix, AZ 85016
At Giuseppe's you'll find a world-class musician turned chef who's serving some authentic Italian food. Guy admitted that the Bolognese ragu with fresh made pasta was "crazy good" and better than his own. The "super flavored" pork shanks are a treat. He also enjoyed the osso buco done three ways.Special Dishes: Bolognese Ragu, Pork Shanks, Osso Buco


California

La Tostaderia
317 S Broadway, Los Angeles, CA 90013
For tostadas with a towering twist and more elevated Mexican classics head to La Tostaderia which is tucked away in Grand Central Market in L.A. The chef was born in Mexico and later went back to culinary school to learn more about flavor profiles and it shows. Guy was impressed by the tender octopus tostada and blown away by the cheesy shrimp burger.Special Dish: Octopus Tostada

Azla Ethiopian Vegan
3655 S Grand Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90007
led Azla and Nesanet Abegaze “culinary ambassadors,” as they serve a meatless take on traditional Ethiopian cuisine at their restaurant. The mother-daughter team's standouts include the misir wot, a flavorful stew made from red lentils cooked down with onions, tomatoes and pungent spices sourced straight from Ethiopia. “There’s a ton of flavor in that,” Guy declared after dipping into the dish with a piece of injera, the spongy flatbread that’s traditionally used for scooping up food.Special Dishes: Misir Wot, Injera

Harold & Belle’s
2920 West Jefferson Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90018
in 1969 by a pair of Louisiana transplants, this joint is still serving classic Creole dishes. Try the classic standout gumbo, or opt for the crawfish etouffee. This dish starts with an old-school roux made from shrimp stock and a mix of tomato and cream of mushroom soups, which surprised Guy. Loaded with spices and tender crawfish tails, the resulting etouffee is “deep and rich and creamy,” Guy says.Special Dishes: Filé Gumbo, Shrimp & Crawfish Etouffee

Belly & Snout
974 S Western Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90006
ner Warren Almeda serves up American twists on classic Filipino dishes at this Koreatown joint. Guy just had to try the Sisig Hot Dog. As the name suggests, this dog is dressed up with sisig (a Filipino mixture of ground pork belly and pork snout, made in-house daily), in addition to garlic crema, pickled red onions, radishes, green onions, a fried egg and the Filipino citrus known as calamansi.Special Dishes: Sisig Hot Dog, Pork Adobo Grilled Cheese, Oxtail Chili Tater Tots

Don Chow Tacos
Roaming Food Truck, Los Angeles, CA 90017
w Tacos Los Angeles food truck fuses Chinese and Mexican cuisines to create such unique dishes as Chimales (Chinese-Mexican tamales, meat-stuffed masa wrapped in corn husks and steamed). Also worth a try: Kung Pao Chicken Tacos and the sweet 'n' smoky Chinese BBQ Pork Burritos.Special Dishes: BBQ Chinese Pork Taco, Kung Pao Chicken Chimales (Chinese-Mexican Tamales)

Nickel Diner
524 S Main St, Los Angeles, CA 90012
t and savory at this 1940s-era eclectic diner with California flair. You'll find donuts smothered in bacon, upside-down floor lamps and funky names for dishes, like "Hangover Helper" and "Smac and Cheese."Special Dishes: Mac and Cheese, Fried Catfish, Maple Bacon Donut

The Little Jewel of New Orleans
207 Ord St, Los Angeles, CA 90012
This restaurant brings Cajun flavors to Chinatown, with po' boys, muffulettas and breakfast beignets. A standout is the crawfish-laced mac and cheese that incorporates caramelized onions, white wine and a Creole spice blend.Special Dishes: Crawfish Mac N Cheese, Po' Boys, Cochon de Lait

Cha Cha Chili
4625 Valley Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90032
and Mexican cuisines come together at this casual restaurant in dishes like kimchee quesadillas and Korean short rib burritos.Special Dishes: Korean Philly Cheesesteak, Bulgogi Taco

Chichen Itza Restaurant
3655 S Grand Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90007
Serving the cuisine of Yucatan, Mexico, this counter-service Downtown restaurant is popular for its Cochinita Pibil — pork cooked in banana leaves.Special Dishes: Longaniza Asada, Cochinita Pibil

Biergarten
206 N Western Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90004
the heart of Koreatown, this modern beer hall fuses pub food and Korean flavors, with dishes like beer-infused, roasted Drunk Chicken, German Fried Rice in beer gravy, and a Bratwurst Corn Dog.Special Dishes: Drunk Chicken, German Fried Rice

Jitlada Restaurant
5233 W. Sunset Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90027
There’s regular Thai food and then there’s Jitlada. Guy swore that if the chef of Jitlada won GGG he would come to the restaurant, and he was not disappointed. “This is one of the best Thai experiences I have ever had,” Guy said after tasting the Green Curry and the Tom Yum Soup.Special Dishes: Tom Yum Soup, Green Curry, Crying Tiger Pork

Fat Sal's
972 Gayley Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90024
Fat Sal’s is everything health-conscious LA is not and deliciously so. Guy gets his hands on a Fat Jerry sandwich stacked with cheese steak, chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, bacon, fried eggs and fries. He also indulges in the Meat Luv’rz pizza roll stuffed with beef, pepperoni and sausages. Jeff and Audrey Dunham were in to taste their 13-pound creation: Big Fat Fatty. This mega sandwich features five burger patties, five fried eggs, ribeye, pastrami and bacon topped with a basket of fries, onion rings, chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks. Special Dishes: Fat Jerry, Meat Luv’rz Pizza Roll, Big Fat Fatty

Rutt’s Hawaiian Cafe
12114 W Washington Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90066
Rutt’s is the go-to place for Hawaiian food in Los Angeles. Guy recommends the Hawaiian Royale with its tasty mix of teriyaki beef and scrambled eggs. Another pick is the Lau Lau plate: a flavorful blend of pork and butterfish wrapped in taro leaves. Locals love the large portions and value prices.Special Dishes: Hawaiian Royale, Laulau Plate

Polka Restaurant & Catering
4112 Verdugo Rd, Los Angeles, CA 90065
therine Dabrowski grew up helping her mom in the kitchen and now she is sharing her Polish dishes at Polka. Guy devoured the pierogi done three ways - with meat, sauerkraut and potato. The goulash impressed with its tender meat and gnocchi. For dessert, try the creamy filled crepes.Special Dishes: Pierogis, Stuffed Cabbage, Goulash, Naleiniki (Crepes)

Eastside Market Italian Deli
1013 Alpine St, Los Angeles, CA 90012
d in L.A.'s original Little Italy, the Eastside Market Italian Deli has been serving Los Angelinos classic Italian dishes since 1929. Take note of the D.A. Special. Guy devoured every last bit of sausage, meatball, roast beef and pastrami on this sandwich of "incomparable deliciousness."Special Dishes: D.A. Special

Mom's Tamales
3328 Pasadena Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90031
For delicious homemade tamales, drop by Mom's Tamales and sample one of eight options, all steamed and using scratch-made batter. The corn and cheese, chicken mole and beef tamales are particularly noteworthy. Also worth a try: specialties like stuffed peppers, queso fresco and sopes asadas.Special Dishes: Tamales, Chile Relleno

Gloria's Cafe
10227 Venice Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90034
981, Gloria Flores has been sharing her traditional El Salvadoran cooking to adoring Los Angeles locals. Guy's visit on Triple D left him scraping his plate of Adobada, a pork stew with a rich tomato sauce. And he was absolutely bowled over by the Seven Seas Soup brimming with crab legs and shrimp. “That is delicious — deep, deep flavor,” Guy exclaimed.Special Dishes: Carne Adobada, Seven Seas Soup

Beer Belly
532 S Western Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90020
The duck-centric menu and rotating craft-beer selection keep the locals coming back to Beer Belly. Follow Guy’s lead and order the duck-fat fries topped with crisp fried duck skin and tender duck confit. Or opt for the grilled cheese. This towering, four-cheese creation is essentially two sandwiches stacked together, with a layer of maple syrup-drenched bacon in the middle and a fried egg on top.Special Dishes: Grilled Cheese Sandwich, Duck Fat Fries, Duck French Dip, Spicy Chicken Wings, Deep Fried Twinkie

The Golden State
426 N Fairfax Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90036
James Starr and Jason Bernstein cook up clever dishes with all-Californian ingredients. Guy's favorite was the pulled pork sandwich with pickled jalapenos and onions and a killer hot mustard sauce. The grass fed-lamb burger with yogurt dill sauce and sweet potato fries was "rock star" too.Special Dishes: Pulled Pork Sandwich, Grass Fed-Lamb Burger

The Park's Finest
1267 W Temple St, Los Angeles, CA 90026
arted as a catering company soon became a hidden hot spot for Los Angelinos looking for tried-and-true Filipino comfort food. Guy loved the barbecue beef short ribs paired with a sharp crema horseradish sauce. And diners better watch out -- the addictive Bibingka cornbread is a real winner.Special Dishes: Ann's Cornbread Bibingka

Horse Thief BBQ
324 S. Hill St, Los Angeles, CA 90013
Guy said the bark is worth every bite at this barbeque joint in Los Angeles. The fried chicken sandwich was so good Guy predicted a line down the street for it and jokingly dubbed the smoked pork belly his favorite salad.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken Sandwich, Pork Belly

ediBOL
300 South Santa Fe Avenue Suite Q, Los Angeles, CA 90013
At ediBOL, Chef and Owner Andrea Uyeda pours her Asian-influence and a dramatic sense of style into off-the-charts creative bowls. The visually stunning layers of flavor in the Miso Peanut Ramen leave Guy speechless.Special Dishes: Miso Peanut Ramen , Roasted Garlic and Herb Pork Hash

Radio Africa & Kitchen
4800 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94124
ner Eskender Aseged left quite the impression when he appeared on Guy’s Grocery Games — so much so that Guy made sure to check out Aseged’s Ethiopian joint when he was in San Francisco. Follow Guy’s lead and order the seared tuna. It’s topped with chermoula, a Moroccan cilantro and parsley sauce, and served over a bed of sauteed vegetables. “I don’t want this dish to end,” Guy exclaimed.Special Dishes: Chicken Jambalaya, Seared Ahi Tuna, Saffron Prawns

CatHead’s BBQ
1665 Folsom St, San Francisco, CA 94103
Co-owners Pamela Schafer and Richard Park are bringing the best flavors of down-home barbecue to San Francisco at CatHead’s BBQ. This joint takes its name from the “cathead” biscuit — a Southern staple that’s the size of a cat’s head. It’s also one of the rare spots in the city with a barbecue pit. As such, Guy had to try the classic pulled pork biscuit sandwich served with a housemade mustard slaw and a side of pickles.Special Dishes: Pulled Pork Biscuit Sandwich, Smoked Lamb Shoulder

El Nuevo Frutilandia
3077 24th St, San Francisco, CA 94110
assic spot in the Mission District dishes up Puerto Rican and Cuban favorites. Guy was impressed by Chef-Owner Rafael Frias’ version of ropa vieja, which is made from a recipe passed down by the restaurant’s previous owners. “I like that there’s real texture to the meat,” Guy declared of the dish, which features tender, shredded chuck roll that’s sauteed with peppers, onions and tomatoes.Special Dishes: Ropa Vieja, Mofongo

Miller's East Coast Deli
1725 Polk St, San Francisco, CA
s East Coast Deli may be in San Francisco, but that doesn't mean it can't dish out one hearty bowl of matzo ball soup. Add to that, "nothing's been lost in translation" from east to west, as Guy dove right into the potato latkes with uber tender cuts of corned beef and pastrami.Special Dishes: Chicken Noodle with Mazo Ball Soup, Reuben, Stuffed Derma, Potato Latke Delight

Pier 23 Cafe
Pier 23, San Francisco, CA 94111
s if you're looking for live music, fresh delicious seafood, a huge patio and good times, you've got to head to Pier 23. Many come for the legendary NorCal oven-roasted Dungeness crab, but if you have room for more, try the duck jalapeno poppers.Special Dishes: Oven Roasted Whole Dungeness Crab, Fish Tacos, Duck Poppers

KoJa Kitchen
Roaming Food Truck, San Francisco, CA
tchen not only redefines food truck cuisine, but owner and Chef Alan Tsai is reinventing traditional Korean-Japanese eats too. KoJa short ribs are kiwi-marinated, then placed between two rice patties. Guy couldn't believe his taste buds. This is "Asian food at its best," he said.Special Dishes: Short Rib Koja (Short Rib Between Two Rice Cakes), Short Rib Kamikaze Combo

Tommy's Joynt
1101 Geary Blvd, San Francisco, CA 94109
borhood favorite for more than 60 years, Tommy's Joynt is a German hofbrau serving fresh-carved hot meat sandwiches packed full of turkey, pastrami, brisket, ham and more. Need a recommendation? Guy says the corned beef "just melts in your mouth" and the roast beef is "better than prime rib."Special Dishes: Corned Beef, Roast Beef, Roasted Turkey, Lamb Shanks, Hot Sandwiches

Senor Sisig
Roaming Food Truck, San Francisco, CA
nature sour pork Sisig tacos at Senor Sisig have been a hit with Los Angelinos, Filipino-fusion fans and Guy himself, who called these tacos "salty, spicy goodness." If you want to ramp up the spice, make sure to grab a plate of the Buffalo wings glazed with a savory adobo-chipotle sauce.Special Dishes: Senor Sisig Tacos, Sisig Nachos

The Front Porch
65A 29th St., San Francisco, CA
Be it the rocking chairs out front or the food, The Front Porch is the funky little neighborhood joint with plenty of charm. Guy swung by this South-meets-San Francisco joint and doled out his share of love for the "killer," "outstanding" and "succulent" Dr. Pepper short ribs and shrimp and grits.Special Dishes: Dr. Pepper Short Ribs, Sweet Tea Brined Pork Chop, Vegan Scramble

Show Dogs Fine Sausages
1020 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94102
gs has scratch-made written all over its rock-out menu. Guy's trip included two showstoppers. First, a fried chicken sandwich that's "like a Pink Floyd concert -- classic." As for the headliner? Try the House Merguez, lamb sausage topped with mission-fig chutney and house-made Dijon mustard.Special Dishes: House Maple Pork, House Merguez, Fried Chicken Sandwich

Tee Off Bar & Grill
3129 Clement St, San Francisco, CA 94121
ls Tee Off Bar & Grill a "five-star dive bar." The husband-and-wife-owned spot is known for high-end, homemade dishes like Double Pork Chops With Apricot Relish and Deep-Fried Sweet Corn, but it's their signature dish, Paul's Crafty Mac N Cheese, that has Guy promising to come back for more.Special Dishes: Double Pork Chop with Apricot Relish, Paul's Crafty Mac N Cheese with Pancetta

Rocco's Cafe
1131 Folsom St, San Francisco, CA 94103
o's, the Italian food is made from scratch, following Chef Don Dial's grandpa's recipes. The deep and sweet flavors in the Bolognese sauce were "killer" according to Guy. He also enjoyed the "super tender" chicken piccata. The house favorite is the linguini with clams and white sauce.Special Dishes: Bolgnese, Chicken Piccata, Linguini with Clams and White Sauce

Q Restaurant and Wine Bar
225 Clement Street, San Francisco, CA 94118
borhood diner in the Richmond district of San Francisco, Q Restaurant specializes in "funky, American comfort." Try the Pulled Pork or Funky American-Style Duck Confit, made over 16 days, finished in the deep fryer and served with polenta and asparagus. Guy's take: "So worth it!"Special Dishes: Duck Confit, Smoked Pork, Carne Adovada

Joe's Cable Car
4320 Mission St., San Francisco, CA 94112
r to us is fresh ground steak to Joe. At Joe's Cable Car, the meat is the star (that and his neon-orama dining room). Fresh chuck is ground daily to attain griddle glory as a patty melt or burger (favorite topper: avocado). Guy's verdict? Big. Juicy. Bananas (contains no actual banana).Special Dishes: Patty Melt, "The Joe" Burger, "The Cable" Burger

Grubstake Diner
1525 Pine St., San Francisco, CA 94109
rail cable car with Portuguese food? Guy says The Grubstake Diner is a one-of-kind San Francisco find. Today the menu pays homage to owner Fernando Santos' Portuguese heritage. Guy loved the spicy pork chops and raved about the "green soup" made with kale and topped with plenty of linguica.Special Dishes: Pork Chops, Kale Soup, Linguica, Omelettes

Dottie's True Blue Cafe
28 6th St, San Francisco, CA 94103
d at this cafe is so delicious that patrons are willing to wait hours for one of the 40 seats inside. Guy thought that the cornbread and jalapeno jelly made a perfect combo and he appreciated the flavorful buttermilk dill bread. The veggie chili was appreciated for its complex flavors.Special Dishes: Cornbread and Jalapeno Jelly, Buttermilk Dill Bread, Veggie Chili

Broken Record
1166 Geneva Ave, San Francisco, CA 94112
drive to the southern tip of San Francisco and you'll be in good company at the Broken Record. Guy's Triple D crew marveled at the more than 300 kinds of whiskey. But Guy got a real kick out of the food, including the creamiest roasted mushroom polenta. The real kicker -- it's only $8.Special Dishes: Roasted Mushroom Polenta

HRD Coffee Shop
521 #A 3rd St, San Francisco, CA 94107
San Francisco locals swear by HRD for its Korean-style breakfasts. On Triple D, Guy hunkered down on the huge spicy pork and kimchee breakfast burrito. Want another pick-me-up? Try the Korean Loco Moco made with a hodgepodge of kimchee-fried rice and burger patty all atop sunny-side eggs.Special Dishes: Korean Loco Moco

Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen
401 Valencia St, San Francisco, CA 94103
le D, Guy called the arepas at Pica Pica a "corn pocket wonder." The gluten-free tortilla acts as the container for dozens of Pica Pica's dishes. Guy's pick? The Arepa Beef Pabellon stuffed with shredded beef, sweet plantains and a black bean spread. Vegetarians, note: Tofu is available here.Special Dishes: Arepa Beef Pabellon

Nopalito
1224 9th Ave, San Francisco, CA 94122
xican joint is "everything but boring," Guy says. Everything is local and sustainable and completely homemade — right down to the tortillas. But the Torta de Chilorio, made with hot pork chorizo, queso fresco and bread soaked in adobo sauce? It's unlike any sandwich he's ever had.Special Dishes: Torta de Chilorio

All Restaurants in California
7 W Washington St, San Diego, CA 92103</div
s unusual diner was once a French bistro, so when owner Ric Libiran decided to switch up the menu, he kept the upscale bistro attitude. Guy loved the Short Rib French Dip, which is served with decadent jus made from more than four hours of braising: “The only problem with this is that you didn’t serve it in a kiddie pool so I can get in with the sandwich and the jus,” he said.


Jo's Diner
807 W Washington St, San Diego, CA 92103
This unusual diner was once a French bistro, so when owner Ric Libiran decided to switch up the menu, he kept the upscale bistro attitude. Guy loved the Short Rib French Dip, which is served with decadent jus made from more than four hours of braising: “The only problem with this is that you didn’t serve it in a kiddie pool so I can get in with the sandwich and the jus,” he said.Special Dishes: Short Rib French Dip, French Onion Soup, Jo’s Meatloaf

Alforon
5965 El Cajon Blvd, San Diego, CA 92115
After growing up around his father’s restaurant in Lebanon, George Salameh decided to open up his own spot serving up traditional Lebanese dishes in San Diego. Locals flock here for the delicious flatbreads, like the one topped with Soujouk: a cumin-heavy blend of spices and ground meat topped with white Lebanese cheese. “I could have a hundred of those,” Guy said after just one bite.Special Dishes: Soujouk Flatbread, Ouzi Lamb

Tiger!Tiger!
025 El Cajon Boulevard, San Diego, CA 92104
Tucked away in San Diego’s North Park neighborhood is this farm-to-table pub that serves a variety of local beers and a diverse rotating menu that is designed to go with the brews. You won’t miss the meat in entrees like the Hot Mushroom Sandwich: A head of beech mushrooms is deep fried and topped with scallion aioli and a house-made pickled celery and cabbage slaw. “I could eat one of these every day!” Guy said.Special Dishes: Pork Belly Bahn Mi, Hot Mushroom Sandwich, Chicken Shawarma Sausage

The Rawbar
346 Broadway St, Chico, CA 95928
This pan-Asian joint goes above and beyond the average sushi menu with items like Tom Kha Thai Steamer and Pork Belly Bibimbap. After moving to Chico, California from San Francisco 20 years ago, owner and chef Darren Chadderdon realized he missed the diverse Asian flavors available in the big city. He decided to take things into his own hands, and traveled to Thailand to take cooking classes before returning home to open his own restaurant. The Tom Kha Thai Steamer, a sweet and spicy seafood soup, blew Guy away: “I wanted that to be great,” he said after the first bite. “It’s not great, it’s phenomenal!”Special Dishes: Tom Kha Thai Steamer, Pork Belly Bibimbap

Chuy's Taco Shop
6663 El Cajon Blvd G, San Diego 92115
San Diego has a lot of taco joints, but diners rave about this mom-and-pop shop where two brothers are cooking up memories from their childhood in Mexico. And if you’re searching for spice, look no further than the fiery Shrimp a La Diabla.Special Dishes: Chili Relleno Burrito, Shrimp a La Diabla

Tahini Street Food
9119 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, Suite G, San Diego 92123
High school buddies, Mahmoud Barkawi and Osama Shabaik, combined their Egyptian and Syrian backgrounds to bring authentic Middle Eastern flavors to San Diego. Guy loved the shaved Chicken Shawarma, which is piled onto a salad, crispy fries or house-made pita. They make their falafel the Egyptian way with fava beans instead of garbanzo beans. “That’s no joke,” raved Guy.Special Dishes: Chicken Shawarma, Falafel

Grand Ole BBQ y Asado
15505 Olde Highway 80, El Cajon 92021
Andy Harris used to be a tour manager for rock bands, firing up his smoker for the crews. His food was so successful he decided to open a restaurant to bring Texas barbecue to San Diego. He teamed up with Chef Ami Cisneros to elevate barbecue to the next level. Don’t miss the massive El Borracho Beef Rib with house-made queso and pickled red onion relish.Special Dishes: Lamb Tacos, El Borracho Beef Rib

Upper Crust Bakery & Cafe
130 Main Street, Chico 95928
This local favorite makes excellent bread and pastry but also legit food. The popular Black Bean Chili has good old-school flavor, but it’s kicked up with a tangy cilantro pesto and served with jalapeno-cheddar challah muffins. Diners also rave about the Korean Pork Salad.Special Dishes: Black Bean Chili, Korean Pork Salad

Taqueria Molcajetes
1195 W College Ave, Santa Rosa, CA 95401
Chef and owners Zacarias Martin and Dionicia Valdovinos are serving up authentic Mexican food with influences from Guadalajara and Michoacán. The food incorporates chilis and spices, like cloves, and many of their dishes make use of the use of the molcajete, the traditional Mexican mortar and pestle. The Molcajete Mixto is a mixture of steak, chicken, shrimp and vegetables served inside a smoking-hot molcajete. Guy was in heaven, calling the it, “without question, one of the best Mexican food experiences I have ever had.”Special Dishes: Molcajete Mixto, Tacos Pastor

Eight Noodle Shop
1408 Clay St, Napa, CA 94559
A this tiny spot in Napa, Chef and owner David Lu is putting out delicious Asian cuisine with fresh local ingredients. Guy loved the Kimchi Fried Rice with braised beef cheeks and the house-made ramen.Special Dishes: Kimchi Fried Rice, Pork Ramen

Simply Vietnam Express
3381 Cleveland Ave, Santa Rosa, CA 95403
For authentic Vietnamese food made with love, head to this Fieri-family favorite. Chef and co-owner John Nguyen serves up the recipes that mother and co-owner Be Nguyen cooked as a chef in Vietnam.Special Dishes: Pho, BBQ Pork, Egg Rolls

Cochon Volant BBQ Smoke House
18350 Sonoma Highway, Sonoma, CA 95476
Rob Larman and his wife are serving up old school barbeque in the heart of California wine country at Cochon Volant. Chef Larman puts his unique spin on fried chicken by soaking it in a sweet-and-spicy brine laced with granny smith apples and pasilla chile paste. “This is a chef’s fried chicken,” said guy between bites. Their other claim to fame is the towering WTF Burger. A seared beef patty is topped with 14-hour smoked brisket, smoked pork shoulder, house-cured maple bacon, a fried chipotle pork cake, melted cheddar cheese and house-made barbeque sauce.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken, WTF Burger

Granzella's Restaurant & Deli
451 6th St, Williams, CA 95987
When Guy was growing up, his family would stop at Granzella’s Deli on road trips for the best muffuletta ever. Stop in and try one of their 30 different sandwiches.Special Dishes: Muffuletta, Reuben

Zoftig Eatery
57 Montgomery Dr, Santa Rosa, CA 95404
Guy was shooting Guy’s Grocery Games in Santa Rosa when his buddy brought him the Korean Burrito from Zoftig Eatery. He loved it so much he needed to put the place on DDD. At Zoftig, chef and owner Matt Spector taps into his fine-dining background to spice up the menu, sourcing local but peppering the menu with international flavor. The Korean Burrito is packed with marinated, local ground beef, pickled vegetables, kimchi, fresh herbs, avocado and barbeque sauce. “I’m going to drown in my own drool,” Guy said before digging into it.Special Dishes: Korean Burrito, Maccabi Bowl

Grand Harbor
1492 Old Bayshore Hwy, Burlingame 94010
This San Francisco destination is one of the biggest Triple D joints ever, with seating for more than 450 people. Serving up traditional Chinese fare, Grand Harbor regulars rave about the pork buns, dim sum chicken feet and a selection of fresh seafood. Bonus: The restaurant's view of the San Francisco Bay is absolutely spectacular.Special Dishes: Pork Buns, Dim Sum Chicken Feet, Lobster in Garlic Sauce

Scolari’s Good Eats
1303 Park St, Alameda, CA 94501
Good eats, indeed. This Triple D destination offers up American fare that includes a must-try Nashville Hot Fried Chicken Sandwich and a Blueberry Bacon Blue Cheeseburger that's an absolute winner. Bonus: While waiting for your food, enjoy a drink from the Lucky 13 bar, located adjacent to Scolari's.Special Dishes: Nashville Hot Fried Chicken Sandwich, Blueberry Bacon Blue Cheese Burger au Poivre

Pazzo
1179 Laurel St., San Carlos, CA 94070
This San Carlos destination puts its spin on classic Italian food with wood-fired pizzas and handmade pastas. The restaurant makes a knockout Ricotta Gnocchi with artichoke, lemon and mint that's absolutely worth your time and taste buds.Special Dishes: Ricotta Gnocchi with Artichoke, Lemon and Mint

W.E.P.A.! at Brix 581
581 5th Street, Oakland, CA 94607
This Puerto Rican hot spot is known for its bold flavors and (bottomless) brunch bashes. Regulars love the Chicharron Mofongo and Canoa, but the restaurant also offers up some incredible vegan options.Special Dishes: Chicharron Mofongo, Canoa

Calafia Cafe and Market A Go-Go
855 El Camino Real #130, Palo Alto 94301
This Palo Alto destination serves up a farm-to-table experience with organic and locally-sourced ingredients. The result: fresh California cooking with dishes that won't leave you feeling weighed down. Guy suggests trying the Calafia Citrus Carnitas or the Vegan Gnocchi.Special Dishes: Calafia Citrus Carnitas, Vegan Gnocchi

Southern Cafe
2000 MacArthur Blvd, Oakland, CA 94602
Southern flavors reach the west coast at this Oakland hot spot. Comfort food favorites include Beef Meatloaf, Southern Fried Chicken, slow-cooked Oxtails, Macaroni and Cheese, Collard Greens and more. Plus, the Peach Cobbler and Banana Pudding are absolute winners.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken, Southern-Style Oxtails

Sherman's Deli & Bakery
401 E. Tahquitz Canyon Way, Palm Springs, CA 92262
If you follow the intoxicating aroma of fresh-baked rye bread in Palm Springs you could find yourself at Sherman’s Deli & Bakery. Once there, try the house-made turkey pastrami which is layered on that fabulous bread. “If that’s the only thing that you sold here I could expect lines all the way to Wisconsin,” said Guy. Or try the real-deal latkes that serve as the "bread" for meltingly tender brisket topped with creamy horseradish sauce. Be sure you don’t leave without a taste of the fan-favorite banana tart. Special Dishes: Turkey Pastrami, Beef n' Latkas

Nighthawk Breakfast Bar
417 Washington Blvd, Venice, CA 90292
Nighthawk Breakfast Bar specializes in serving breakfast for dinner. Chef and owner Chef and Owner Jeremy Fall is all about pushing the envelope on beloved childhood flavors. The Drunken French Toast is a crispy creation topped with cognac sautéed pears, mascarpone mousse and a dash of pear brandy.Special Dishes: Drunken French Toast, Biscuit Bao

HoBo's BBQ
30590 Rancho California Rd, Temecula, CA 92591
Diners flock to Hobo's for the best barbeque in Southern California. Guy tries the lasagna, a unique dish of pulled pork and chicken layered with pasta sheets, cheese and barbeque sauce.Special Dishes: BBQ Lasagna, Lumber Jack Sandwich

The Original Barone's Famous Italian
13726 Oxnard St, Valley Glen, CA 91401
mily-owned eatery is famous for slinging rectangular thin-crust, Neapolitan-style slices, which they've been doing since well before pizza made it to the West Coast in a big way. Back in the 1940s, Barone's owners set out to re-create the Italian-style pizza popular in New York using the only tool available — a sheet pan — and thus the signature slices were born. Another must-try is the ricotta and Parmesan lasagna, served with meatballs and housemade marinara sauce.Special Dishes: Thin-Crust Pizza, Cheese Lasagna

Delancey Pizzeria & Bar
5936 Sunset Blvd., Hollywood, CA 90028
eorge Abou-Daoud opened this joint as an homage to the Italian restaurants in downtown Manhattan, and it’s apparent once you open the menu, filled with pizzas named after New York streets — think Fulton, Crosby and Mercer. Pork lovers, opt for the Gramercy. In addition to featuring red sauce and melted mozzarella, this pork-centric pie comes loaded with pepperoni, sausage, bacon, soppressata and guanciale. Once cooked, the pizza is brushed with a garlic-infused olive oil.Special Dishes: “Gramercy” Pizza, Potato Gnocchi with Wild Boar, Sage and Olives


Colorado

Audrey Jane's Pizza Garage
2675 13th St, Boulder, CO 80304
Audrey Sherman combined her passion for pizza with the teachings of Tony Gemignani, the heavy weight champ of global pizza competitions, to create her popular pizza shop. Her fabulous dough is the soul of her killer pies and is also used to make the roll for her massive meatball grinder.Special Dishes: Spicy Pig Pizza, Meatball Grinder

The Post Chicken & Beer
1258 S. Hover Rd, Longmont, CO 80501
Chicken and beer are a match made in heaven, especially when the chicken is crispy, crunchy perfection. Chef and owner Brett Smith uses a pressure cooker and a unique flouring system to create some of the best chicken Guy has ever had. Guy also loved their unique chicken chicharrones, fried chicken skin served with a pinto bean hummus.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken, Chicken Chicharrones

Samples Restaurant
370 Main St, Longmont, CO 80501
Married social workers Mark and Carmen Sample combined their love of food and helping others into a restaurant. Bring your appetite for the towering Poutine Burger which is piled high with fried cheese curds and drenched in a house-made gravy.Special Dishes: Poutine Burger, Korean BBQ Sandwich

Zoe Ma Ma
2010 10th St, Boulder, CO 80302
For quick, super yummy street food head to Zoe Ma Ma and try the huge pork-filled Steamy Buns and the Za Jiang Mian with house-made noodles, pork and julienne vegetables. “This is the best fast Asian food I’ve seen in 10 years,” said Guy.Special Dishes: Steamy Buns, Za Jiang Mian

Aloy Thai Cuisine
2720 Canyon Blvd, Boulder, CO 80302
For amazing Thai in Boulder, head to Aloy Thai. Chef and Owner Kim Naka and her daughters are creating authentic dishes like fragrant Kao Soi and spicy Lemongrass Chicken. Guy loved the combination of sweet, sour and heat in the chicken, remarking “it’s not just a drum solo … it’s the whole band rockin’.”Special Dishes: Khao Soi, Lemongrass Chicken

The Roost
526 Main St., Longmont, CO 80501
The Roost is a neighborhood spot with a righteous menu and a heartfelt mission. A diner-favorite is the Bangin’ Cauliflower which is lightly coated in rice flour, fried until crispy and tossed with their signature sweet and spicy sauce. The Perfect Pork Burger is made with local meat topped with house-made kimchi and blistered shishitos and served on buns made across the street. “There’s nothing I would do different,” Guy said after a taste.Special Dishes: Bangin’ Cauliflower, Perfect Pork Burger

Rasta Pasta
405 N Tejon St, Colorado Springs, CO 80903
sual dishes at this Caribbean pasta joint had Guy exclaiming, “You guys are crazy!” He tried the namesake Rasta Pasta, a flavorful penne dish studded with tender jerk chicken. True to this kitchen’s creative vibe, the chicken is prepared in a unique way. Instead of being rubbed down with spices, it’s cooked in a bath of orange juice and jerk seasoning. “What a funky dish,” Guy declared.Special Dishes: Rasta Pasta

Paravicini's Italian Bistro
2802 W Colorado Ave, Colorado Springs, CO 80904
gh translation of para vicini is “for the neighborhood,” and it’s exactly that community spirit that Chef-Owner Franco Pisani has captured. He’s built a loyal following with his devotion to fresh, hearty Italian meals made from family recipes. “That’s a real-deal, old-school Italian dish,” Guy declared of the Veal Giuseppe, which comes loaded with cherry peppers, Kalamata olives and sausage.Special Dishes: Veal Giuseppe

Piglatin Food Truck
Roaming Food Truck, Colorado Springs, CO 80903
food truck focused on pork fusion, hungry locals line up for dishes like the stacked arepa that had Guy exclaiming, “Prime time!” The traditional Colombian fried cake is loaded with melty mozzarella cheese, pineapple pulled pork and spinach, then finished with cilantro, lime juice and Sriracha for added kick.Special Dishes: Stacked Arepa

Maria Empanada
1298 South Broadway Ave, Denver, CO 80210
Chef-Owner Lorena Cantarovici moved from Argentina with $300 in her pocket and a craving for her homeland’s empanadas on her mind. In 2011, she opened this spot and now cranks out up to 1,500 empanadas per day. These dough-wrapped beauties come stuffed with a flavorful filling of seasoned ground beef, onions and red pepper. “It’s light … simple; that’s what an empanada’s supposed to be,” Guy declared.Special Dishes: Empanada

Lodge Sasquatch Kitchen
151 N College Ave, Fort Collins, CO 80524
Triple-D alum Aaron May and former NFL player Jared Allen are the dynamite duo behind this spot, which has a mountain-lodge vibe and hearty dishes to match. Guy is a fan of the flavorful chili, which comes loaded with beer-braised pork butt and pureed green chiles for added kick.Special Dishes: Pork Green Chili, Habanero Parmesan Burger

Axios
3901 Tennyson St, Denver, CO 80212
“Not your average Greek restaurant by any means,” Guy declared of Axios, where owner Telly Topakas draws on traditional recipes from the motherland and tweaks them with modern touches (think lighter dishes without so much oil). “Where has that been all my life?” Guy asked of the exquisitely charred lamb ribs, which are paired with roasted garlic-and-feta mashed potatoes, onions, leeks, mushrooms and fennel.Special Dishes: Arni Psito (Slow-Braised Lamb Ribs), Torta Kataifi (Greek Pastry Tort)

Cafe Brazil
4408 Lowell Blvd, Denver, CO 80211
This funky little spot serves up contemporary South American dishes filled with fresh, vibrant flavors. Diners head here for favorites like the bolinhos, a Brazilian snack staple that had Guy hooked. Mashed sweet potatoes, shrimp, eggs, two Spanish salumi and three types of cheese are kneaded together (along with red chile flakes and Sriracha for some kick), then formed into balls and deep-fried.Special Dishes: Bolinhos, La Julianna

Dae Gee Korean BBQ
827 Colorado Blvd, Denver, CO 80206
Given Colorado’s food scene, Guy was certain he could find an “off-the-hook” Korean barbecue spot. Dae Gee (which means “pig” in Korean) did not disappoint. The crowds flock here for the Unlimited Korean Barbecue, which features a mouthwatering array of meats and sides (beef bulgogi, chicken bulgogi, kimchee pancakes, fish cakes and more). “Outstanding,” Guy declared of the feast.Special Dishes: Unlimited Korean BBQ

Skirted Heifer
204 N Tejon St, Colorado Springs, CO 80903
iciousness is in the details at this burger joint, from the locally sourced meat to the scratch-made condiments. A must-try is The Hangover: A simply seasoned patty comes topped with cream cheese, crispy bacon and a horseradish-spiked tomato sauce that Guy said “really takes it over the top.”Special Dishes: The Hangover, The Pueblo Farmer

Restaurant 415
415 S Mason St, Fort Collins, CO 80524
irky neighborhood spot uses locally sourced ingredients in unexpected ways to craft innovative dishes like the Americano Del Sur pizza. Guy raves about the bite provided by the thinly sliced tomatillos that adorn this creative pie, which also features garbanzo beans and fresh jalapenos.Special Dishes: Americano Del Sur Pizza, Blackened Cauliflower Steak

Front Range Barbeque
2330 W Colorado Ave, Colorado Springs, CO 80904
ner Brian Fortinberry, who hails from Alabama, draws on an arsenal of family recipes to make his delectable Southern dishes. Guy stops by to tackle the towering sandwich known as The Sloppy Pig, which stars a meaty trio of tender pulled pork, grilled kielbasa sausage and pecan-smoked bacon.Special Dishes: The Sloppy Pig Sandwich, Meatloaf

Spice Island Grill
10 N Sierra Madre St, Colorado Springs, CO 80903
o Springs may seem like an unlikely place to find Jamaican food, but Guy is in luck when he swings by this spot for the curry goat. The meat is cooked with the bone in, then left to simmer in a concoction of garlic, ginger and Jamaican curry powder, resulting in a tender, flavorful dish.Special Dishes: Curry Goat, Jerk Chicken

Biju's Little Curry Shop
1441 26th St, Denver, CO 80205
Guy couldn’t help but munch on this restaurant’s staple ingredient: fresh curry leaves that are blended with a heat-packed combo of spices and chile peppers to create the robust base that starts off all the South Indian bowls served here. Diners can choose from beef, chicken and vegetarian options.Special Dishes: Biriyani with Beef, Vindaloo Chicken Bowl

Mountain Shadows Restaurant
2223 W Colorado Ave, Colorado Springs, CO 80904
This spot won Guy over with its heaping portions of comfort food. The massive cinnamon rolls are made from a buttery dough that comes bathed in a decadent glaze that Guy calls “maple madness.” And one monster of a sandwich comes piled with cheese-smothered slices of roast beef, mushrooms and bacon.Special Dishes: Rocky Mountain Roast Beef Sandwich, Cinnamon Rolls

The Bagel Delicatessen & Restaurant
6439 E Hampden, Denver, CO 80222
This Jewish Deli is serving up all the classics from chopped liver and egg salad to tongue sandwiches. Guy was enthused by the "dynamite" flavoring of the matzo ball soup. The flaky brisket knishes paired with red horseradish and the meaty and savory kishkes with au jus are customer favorites.Special Dishes: Chopped Liver, Egg Salad, Tongue Sandwiches, Matzo Ball Soup, Brisket Knishes, Kishke

A Taste of Home Cooking
12365 58th Ave., Arvada, CO 80002
ome cooking" in the name, it's no surprise that everything here, from the honey mustard sauce to the sauerkraut, is made by hand. With that handmade attitude, Guy had to drop by for the savory cannoli. Forget about sweet ricotta, these are packed with homemade sausage and provolone cheese.Special Dishes: Dinner Cannoli

Hops & Pie
3920 Tennyson St, Denver, CO 80212
name like Hops & Pie, it's no shock that this Denver joint specializes in beer and pizza. However, Guy was caught off-guard by one of the menu items — the beer-braised brisket pie. His verdict was that the dough was ''just remarkable,'' and the contrast of flavors (think brisket, bacon, pickled jalapeno and caramelized onion) was ''dynamite.''Special Dishes: Beer Braised Brisket Pizza

Sam's No. 3
1500 Curtis St, Denver, CO 80210
ng by on Triple D to visit a viewer favorite, Sam's No. 3 Diner. The signature Kickin' Green Pork Chili is served on everything from fries to burgers to the beloved Kitchen Sink Burrito. Warning -- this burrito's packed with bacon, ham, sausage, mushroom, green peppers and even gyro meat.Special Dishes: Kickin' Green Pork Chili, Kitchen Sink Burrito

Foolish Craig's Cafe
1611 Pearl St, Boulder, CO 80302
oolish Craig's is known for its crepes, the cafe also bakes bread daily and serves soups and salads too. Guy loves the warm toasted oatmeal stout bread with the BLT Guacamole. For dessert he recommends ordering the decadent 21-layer butter rum caramel crepe cake with cream cheese frosting.Special Dishes: Fresh Baked Breads, BLT Guacamole, Butter Rum Caramel Crepe Cake

Steuben's Food Service
523 E 17th Ave, Denver, CO 80203
The place used to be an auto garage, but now it's a neighborhood restaurant serving up everything from Southern to Italian favorites. Guy adored the overflowing lobster roll, while customers enjoy the hand-cut fries, roasted chicken and ribs with meat so tender that it just falls off the bone.Special Dishes: Roasted Chicken, Ribs, Lobster Roll, Hand-cut Fries

The Sink
1165 13th St, Boulder, CO 80302
in a former frat house, The Sink is serving up quality scratch-made bites. According to Guy, the crust of The Buddah Basil pesto pizza is as much of a treat as its center, which has pizza and pesto sauces, artichoke hearts and Parmesan. Like spicy? Try the Texas Onion Straw Burger.Special Dishes: Texas Onion Straw Burger, Pesto Pizza

Highland Tavern
3400 Navajo St, Denver, CO 80211
his neighborhood bar for some "outrageous" bites. Guy appreciated the Tavern Tots and the Bombshell Sammich with house pastrami, Swiss cheese, a fried egg, slaw and brown mustard on rye bread. For some crunchy deliciousness try the pork rinds, which Guy said were the best he has ever had.Special Dishes: Bombshell Sammich, Tavern Tots, Pork Rinds

Prohibition
504 E Colfax Ave, Denver, CO 80203
rs in Denver have some kind of hamburger, but Prohibition offers a dish that's a little more unique and upscale than the norm — a balsamic braised short rib burger created by Head Chef Toby Prout. The juicy, slow-cooked rib quickly earned Guy's seal of approval.Special Dishes: Balsmic Braised Short-Rib Burger

Atomic Cowboy
3237 E Colfax Ave, Denver, CO 80206
The Atomic Cowboy is home to both the Denver Biscuit Co. and Fat Sully's Pizza. Guy enjoyed the flaky Elmer biscuit sandwich with smoked pork butt and homemade barbecue sauce. At Fat Sully's, Guy loved the crunchy thin crust of the huge 26-inch pizza, which is made to order.Special Dishes: Elmer Biscuit Sandwich, Pizza

Bang!
3472 W 32nd Ave, Denver, CO 80211
escribes its cuisine as "new American, classics with our little twists." Take, for example, the righteous gumbo served with a slice of warm jalapeno cornbread. Guy called the gumbo "killer," but his Flavortown GPS quickly led to Bang!'s signature meatloaf drizzled with spicy homemade ketchup.Special Dishes: Meatloaf

Tocabe An American Indian Eatery
3536 W 44th Ave, Denver, CO 80202
Tocabe is neither a diner nor drive-in nor dive. Yet Guy still visited it on Triple D because of the off-the-hook hominy salsa. Tocabe brings a modern interpretation to American Indian food for lucky Denver locals -- the fry bread, bison ribs and overflowing Indian tacos are all must-tries.Special Dishes: Bison Ribs, Indian Tacos


Connecticut

Super Duper Weenie
306 Black Rock Tpke, Fairfield, CT 06825
arted as the Super Duper Weenie truck became too small for owner Gary Zemola, who today sells nearly 2,000 dogs each week from his new, permanent locale. Guy's glad he could stop by because the hot dogs live up to their name, thanks to handmade toppings and house-baked rolls. Inspiration for the menu’s hot dog offerings stretches from California to New York, but the house favorite is the New Englander that’s generously topped with sauerkraut, bacon, raw white onions, mustard and relish.Special Dishes: New Englander Hot Dog, The New Yorker Hot Dog

Valencia Luncheria
164 Main St, Norwalk, CT 06851
a Luncheria took Guy by surprise, as he'd never had the Venezuelan tortilla called an arepa. The thick tortilla gets fried and then stuffed with both savory and sweet fillings. Think roasted pork shoulder, tender shredded chicken, ceviche and even Nutella and cream cheese.Special Dishes: Pernil Arepa (Pork Venezuelan Pocket Sandwich), The Morning After, Strong Island, Red Smitty

Wilson's Holy Smoke BBQ
1851 Post Rd., Fairfield, CT 06824
st met pit master Ed Wilson in brisket cooking school. Their reunion couldn't have been better, as Wilson served Memphis-style baby back ribs, St. Louis ribs, North Carolina-style pulled pork and, to top it off, a tender chicken sandwich. "Ain't no joking," Guy says. "That bird's smoking."Special Dishes: Memphis Baby Back Ribs, St. Louis Ribs, Pulled Chicken Sandwich, Black-Eyed Pea Salad, Pulled Pork

O'Rourke's Diner
728 Main St, Middletown, CT 06457
Middletown locals love O'Rourke's so much that when it burned down in 2006, they helped raise over $300,000 to rebuild it. Guy sampled some unexpected American and Irish favorites like Colcannon, House Baked Ham and an Irish Trilogy of French ToastSpecial Dishes: Colcannon, House Baked Ham, Irish Trilogy of French Toast

Merritt Canteen
4355 Main St, Bridgeport, CT 06606
rs have been coming to this hot dog, burger and seafood eatery for generations. Fans love the deep-fried and grilled hot dogs topped with the fiery hothouse chili. The crispy fried soft-shell crab and the New England clam chowder are "wicked good." For dessert, try the deep-fried cheesecake.Special Dishes: Chili Dogs, Fried Soft-Shell Crab, New England Clam Chowder

Black Duck Cafe
605 Riverside Ave, Westport, CT 06880
on a barge under a bridge, this spot cooks over 75,000 clams a year. Guy thought the steamers had a great natural flavor and enjoyed drinking the accompanying clam broth. "That's just simple goodness right there," Guy declared of the bacon-topped clams casino. Another standout is the Black Duck Burger. Sauteed peppers, onions and mushrooms smother a 6-ounce Angus burger patty — available in a 3/4-pound size for heartier appetites.Special Dishes: Steamers, Clams Casino, Black Duck Burger, Steak au Poivre

Corey's Catsup and Mustard
623 Main St, Manchester, CT 06040
orey Wry knows how to make some dreamy burger combos. One of the Triple-D fan-favorite burgers is Auntie Laurie's burger on a pretzel bun. If you're a meat lover, try the 7-Burger stuffed with BBQ brisket, bacon and a double patty. For a side of fries, order the Sweet Potato with Maple Mayo.Special Dishes: Auntie Laurie's Burger, 7-Burger, Sweet Potato Fries


Florida

LOBA
7420 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL 33138
This Latin joint is a serving up some serious comfort food and is a favorite among the locals. Stand-out dishes include the Patacon (an 11-inch fried plantain with rib-eye steak, pork belly, rice, guacamole, pico de gallo and chimichurri) and Lentil Croquettes (served with beet tzatziki and avocado). The restaurant is open for brunch, lunch and dinner.Special Dishes: Patacon, Lentil Croquettes

Mr. & Mrs. Bun
15572 Sunset Dr, Miami, FL 33193
Gian Carlo Accinelli and his wife are putting their love on the line all in the name of their buns at Mr. & Mrs. Bun. The Peruvian couple serve all of their unique sandwiches on their signature, house-made buns. For the Asado con Palta sandwich, slow-cooked eye of round is piled on a fresh bun with avocado and crispy onions and then served with the jus from the cooked meat. “That is without question one of the best sandwiches I’ve had in a long time,” said Guy. “It’s actually giving me goose bumps.”Special Dishes: Asado con Palta, Pollo Chi Jao Kai, Aji de Gallina Bites

Milly's Empanada Factory
13911 SW 66th St, Miami, FL 33183
Milly Martinez has been serving up authentic Venezuelan food in South Florida for more than two decades. Now her son, Jose Atencio, is taking the cuisine to another level with some creative riffs on the classics. The Pabe Yo-Yo is like a Venezuelan Monte Cristo with bread made of sweet plantains surrounding ham and queso blanco which is then deep fried and stuffed with braised beef. “This crazy,” said Guy.Special Dishes: Empanadas, Pabe Yo-Yo

Mojo Donuts and Fried Chicken
8870 Bird Rd, Miami, FL 33165
This artisan doughnut shop in Miami is creating sweet mouthwatering masterpieces and some savory surprises. There are over 200 varieties of hand-rolled and hand-cut doughnuts. For a sweet treat, try the Abuelita which is stuffed with rice pudding and topped with swirls of dulce de leche. The adventurous should try the Chicken Brulee Sandwich. In this creation, crispy chicken tenders are sandwiched inside a bruleed doughnut, topped with a mild cheddar sauce and showered in bacon. “This changes the fried chicken sandwich game,” said Guy.Special Dishes: Chicken Brulee Sandwich, Abuelita Doughnut

Miami Smokers
306 NW 27th Ave, Miami, FL 33125
tinctive smell of smoked meats wafting out the doors of this charcuterie joint has proven irresistible to many a passerby. Step inside to order sandwiches like the Floridian, which Guy called “dynamite.” A wild boar sausage is ground in-house, then nestled on a baguette slicked with avocado puree. It’s topped with spicy mayo, pickled peppers and onions, and one unusual addition: orange segments.Special Dishes: Damn Hot Wings, Thai Sweet and Sour Wings

Lou's Beer Garden
7337 Harding Ave, Miami Beach, FL 33141
et Lou’s location in the backyard of a boutique hotel fool you: The food here “isn’t from your average snack shack,” Guy declares. The menu changes seasonally, but keep an eye out for the paella. Calasparra rice is soaked in homemade chicken stock and plenty of saffron, then mixed with chorizo, roasted red peppers, clams, shrimp, mussels and calamari to create a dish bursting with rich seafood flavors.Special Dishes: Paella, Vongola

Hofbrau Beer Hall
943 Lincoln Rd, Miami Beach, FL 33139
ot is a stateside version of the classic Hofbrӓuhaus beer hall in Germany, so the menu features traditional recipes from the homeland, with a few modern twists. Hofbrau’s version of sauerbraten features beef knuckle that’s soaked for seven days in a spice-and-herb-laced wine marinade, braised, then drenched in a rich gravy that Guy wanted to drink by the bucketful. A side of pretzel dumplings completes the dish.Special Dishes: Sauerbraten, Currywurst

Taquiza
1506 Collins Ave, Miami Beach, FL 33139
d on Miami Beach’s main drag, Taquiza draws the crowds hungry for well-made tacos and primo people-watching. Even the chips are far from standard, as the masa (dough) is made in-house, using non-GMO blue corn from Mexico. “Outrageous,” Guy declared. He also dug the tacos, trying one version stuffed with marinated hanger steak and another filled with crisp toasted grasshoppers and fresh guacamole.Special Dishes: Totopos (Chips), Tacos

Scully's Tavern
9809 SW 72nd St, Miami, FL 33173
When Guy dropped by Scully's Tavern he wasn't expecting Belgian escargot and garlic butter, but Scully's regulars are enamored of the French dish from Scully's eclectic menu. For a real treat, try the potato chip-encrusted dolphin sandwich (a mahi mahi fish). It's "melt-in-your-mouth delicious."Special Dishes: Escargot, Buffalo Wings, Mahi Mahi Sandwiches

La Camaronera Restaurant & Fish Market
1952 W Flagler St, Miami, FL 33135
Since 1976, Camaronera has been serving and selling fresh seafood the Little Havana way. On Triple D, Guy learned that means that every lobster, shrimp and green plantain gets coated in golden batter and fried. For the best fish-fry, locals order the signature Pan con Minuta snapper sandwich.Special Dishes: Camarones Fritos (Breaded Shrimp), Cangrejo Moro (Stone Crab), Fried Fish, Hush Puppies

Tap Tap Haitian Restaurant
819 5th St, Miami Beach, FL 33139
Once a filmmaker in Haiti, Katherine Kean's trip inspired her to open Miami's Tap Tap, a Haitain eatery with bright, colorful murals. On Triple D, Guy devoured Haitian-raised Chef Gary Sanon-Jules's tender Kurobuta pork griot and the malanga fritters with the not-so-Haitian watercress sauce.Special Dishes: Marinated Pork, Malanga Fritters, Pwason Gwosel (Whole Haitian Snapper)

Latin House Burger & Taco Bar
9565 SW 72nd St, Miami, FL 33173
Guy goes crazy for the Chimi Burritos at Latin House. The tortilla is stuffed with “Chuchi” rice, three cheeses, sweet plantains and a protein of your choice. It is flash-fried and then topped with pico de gallo, avocado lime sauce and crema sauce. The lobster lollipops are also a treat.Special Dishes: Chimi Burrito, Lobster Lollipop

Blackbrick
3451 NE 1st Ave, Miami, FL 33137
For a modern take on regional Chinese cuisine, head to Blackbrick. Dim sum options include crystal shrimp dumplings, chicken siu mei, cumin-lamb dumplings and barbecued pork buns. Noodles are made in-house for dishes like the dan dan mian, which tosses spicy Szechuan pork ragu with bucatini. Guy is obsessed with dan dan mian. “I can’t figure out how to get it in my face fast enough,” said Guy between bites.Special Dishes: Har Gow Shrimp Dumpling, Xinjiang Cumin-Lamb Dumpling, Dan Dan Mian, Gong Bao Rabbit, Grandma's Red Oxtail, General Tso's Florida Gator

Jamaica Kitchen
8736 SW 72 St, Miami, FL 33173
curried goat and steamed peas with pig tail are just some of the local favorites at Jamaica Kitchen. The family-operated joint has passed down its Jamaican-Chinese recipes for generations. Guy loved the pork belly with pickled mustard greens and fiery-hot beef patties.Special Dishes: Oxtail, Pig Tails & Beans, Pork & Hamchoy, Spicy Beef Patty, Curry Goat

The Federal Miami
5132 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL 33137
eral is a modern American tavern that offers comforting, scrumptious dishes. The Buffalo Style Pig Wing, served with blue cheese mousse and pickled celery and carrots, has Guy reaching for more. Another menu item he recommends is the venison chili with grit fries, chipotle and Cotija cheese.Special Dishes: Buffalo Style Pig Wing, Venison Chili

Blue Collar
6730 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL 33138
Guy heads to this spot to indulge in The Big Ragout Sandwich, a hearty meal featuring five kinds of meats smothered in cheese and served on a roll. Also try the Rock Shrimp Mac & Cheese: A zesty three-cheese sauce is dressed up with wild rock shrimp, then mixed with pasta and finished with bacon.Special Dishes: The Big Ragout, Rock Shrimp Mac & Cheese, Spicy Oxtail

Whisk
7382 SW 56th Ave, Miami, FL 33143
s Brendan and Kristin Connor put their own twist on traditional low-country dishes at Whisk. Guy recommends the cornmeal-fried okra, which combines fresh fish flavor with a crunchy texture. He’s also a convert of the beer-braised baby back ribs, which he calls “tender, porky, fall-apart-y.”Special Dishes: Fried Okra, Braised Baby-back Ribs

Sakaya Kitchen
3401 N Miami Ave, Miami, FL 33127
Korean fusion eatery Sakaya has many in Miami raving about its Cracklin’ duck sandwich. Smothered in a special Korean sauce called ssamjang to add some serious Asian flavor, it had Guy declaring “game over.” Guy also loved the Chunk’d tots: a mixture of tater tots and bulgogi (marinated beef).Special Dishes: Duck Sandwich, Chunk'd Tots

Benny's Seafood Restaurant
2500 SW 107th Ave., Miami, FL 33165
le D, Benny's Mofongo caught Guy off guard. Mofo what? The Mofongo dish is a Puerto Rican favorite and now, Guy's too, as he added it to The Best Thing I Ever Ate. Made with mashed-up plantains, fried pork skin and then muddled with a baseball bat, this dish is a home run.Special Dishes: Mofongo

11th Street Diner
1065 Washington Ave, Miami Beach, FL 33139
992, locals looking for late-night food in Miami's South Beach have turned to the 11th Street Diner, and love ordering the Argentinian steak any time of day. But Guy couldn't get enough of the flavor-packed pork chops with apples and a raisin, calling it one of Triple D's greatest chops.Special Dishes: Pork Chops with Apples and Raisins

Buya Ramen
911 Central Avenue St, St. Petersburg, FL 33705
Buya Ramen brings an off-beat attitude to Asian cuisine. The Japanese-style gastropub is the perfect place to enjoy a cocktail and legit ramen. Guy’s family gives the ramen and the dynamite shishito peppers glowing reviews.Special Dishes: Crispy Duck Ramen, Blistered Shishito Peppers

Fat One's Hot Dogs & Italian Ice
8001 South Orange Blossom Trail, Florida Mall Dining Pavillion, Orlando, FL 32809
For a taste of Coney Island in Orlando stop by Joey Fatone's Florida Mall kiosk where he serves up creative hot dogs and Italian ices. Try the guacamole-topped Gone Hollywood or the mac and cheese laden Mac Daddy and then cool off with a legit Italian ice.Special Dishes: Gone Hollywood, Mac Daddy, The Fat One

Ivan’s Cookhouse
14815 Biscayne Blvd, North Miami Beach, FL 33181
s post inside an open-plan kitchen, Chopped champion Ivan Dorvil plates up sizzling staples from his native Haiti, including griot. To make the Haitian classic, Chef Dorvil marinates pork shoulder in a vibrant bath of sour orange juice blended with herbs, spices and Scotch bonnet peppers. The pork is then seared, boiled and fried, resulting in a dish that’s “super, super tender,” Guy says. It’s served with plantains, black mushroom rice and pikliz (a fiery pickled-cabbage condiment).Special Dishes: Griot, Grilled Whole Snapper, Grilled Octopus

The Local
150 Giralda Ave., Coral Gables, FL 33134
cal eatery is a one-stop shop for craft brews and what Guy called “amped-up, down-home cooking.” They’re slinging Southern-inspired dishes that incorporate unexpected twists, such as the signature Roasted Bone Marrow. Femur bones are brined, coated in a housemade barbecue spice and roasted, then topped with whipped horseradish butter, relish and mixed greens for an ultra-rich bite. Another standout is the Lamb Belly BLT.Special Dishes: Lamb Belly BLT, Roasted Bone Marrow, Hen and Dumplings

M.E.A.T. Eatery and Tap Room
Mile Marker 88 on US 1 Oceanside 88005 Overseas Hwy, Islamorada, FL 33036
As the name suggests, this spot is a meat-lovers’ haven. The menu is chock-full of burgers, barbecue and other meaty dishes, as Guy found out when he stopped by on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Both the wings and the pork rinds had him hooked.Special Dishes: Wings, Pork Rinds

Pilot House Marina & Restaurant
13 Seagate Blvd, Key Largo, FL 33037
This waterfront complex seemingly has it all: a glass-bottom bar with live music and drink specials, an attached marina and a restaurant with seafood dishes that lure both tourists and locals alike. Guy tried a grilled cheese sandwich stuffed with fresh black grouper and was hooked.Special Dishes: Harvey's Fish Sandwich

Green Turtle Inn
81219 Overseas Hwy, Islamorada, FL 33036
Islamorada, Fla., Guy just had to head to this local fixture to try none other than the restaurant’s signature turtle chowder. The Green Turtle Inn has been dishing up this popular dish for decades, along with other Southern favorites.Special Dishes: Turtle Chowder

DiGiorgio's Cafe Largo
99530 Overseas Hwy, Key Largo, FL 33037
ds from the East Coast flock here when they want a taste of authentic Italian-American cuisine. A must-try is the Veal Chop Florentine, which is dipped in a mixture of panko breadcrumbs and shredded Parmesan cheese, topped with prosciutto and mozzarella, then roasted and finished with a mushroom-studded Marsala wine sauce. The result is “tender, salty, crunchy (and) garlicky,” Guy declared.Special Dishes: Veal Chop Florentine, Truffle Lobster Mac and Cheese

Islamorada Shrimp Shack
81901 Overseas Hwy, Islamorada, FL 33036
dishes may be a specialty at this spot, but Chef-Owner Jill Jahn doesn’t stop there, as Guy found out when he visited. Chef Jahn served him veggie-laced shrimp fritters with a spicy remoulade sauce, then cooked up a freshly caught mangrove snapper that Guy brought straight from the boat to her kitchen and had him declaring this Florida Keys native the “real deal.”Special Dishes: Shrimp Fritters, Senator-Style Hook and Cook

Flakowitz of Boynton Bakery & Deli Restaurant
7410 W Boynton Beach Blvd, Boynton Beach, FL 33437
Although it's located in Florida, this diner is serving up New York-style Jewish deli classics. Guy indulged in the comforting matzo ball soup and couldn't get enough of the stuffed cabbage with sweet and sour sauce. If you're hungry, try the overstuffed corned beef sandwich or the hot potato knish.Special Dishes: Matzo Ball Soup, Stuffed Cabbage, Corned Beef Sandwich, Potato Knish

Alpine Steakhouse
4520 S Tamiami Trail, Sarasota, FL 34231
ine Steakhouse is famous for one thing: turducken. Guy found this place on Triple D, but added it to The Best Thing I Ever Ate. The turducken begins with turkey. Then andouille sausage, duck, chicken, and much, much more are added. Twelve hours in the oven and you have the king of all birds.Special Dishes: TurDucKen

Whale's Rib
2031 NE 2nd St, Deerfield Beach, FL 33441
A little bit of the signature honey mustard called "Whale Juice" goes a long way alongside the amazing local seafood at this funky little joint. Try their spin on oysters Rockefeller, loaded with spinach, tomatoes and oozing, mouthwatering cheese. The mahi mahi sandwich is also a standout.Special Dishes: Oysters Rockefeller, Whale Juice, Dolphin Sandwich (Mahi Mahi Sandwich)

Sonny's Famous Steak Hogies
1857 N 66th Ave, Hollywood, FL 33024
ride down to Sonny's to see why "folks are lining up just like back in 1958" to get a cheese steak. Their sandwiches haven't changed since Sonny left it in the hands of his son John, who's rolling the bread the same way it was made back when they first opened.Special Dishes: Steak Hoagie (Philly Cheesesteak), Meatball Hoagie, Sandwiches

Garbo’s Grill
409 Caroline St (between 407 Caroline St and a parking lot), Key West, FL 33040
Kenna Pancamo bring a fun attitude and serious culinary edge to their food truck, Garbo’s Grill. Guy was won over by the Umamiburger smothered in chipotle Gouda, calling his first taste of this topping a “history-making moment in Triple D.” The sweet, spicy Korean BBQ tacos are also a hit.Special Dishes: Umamiburger, Korean BBQ Taco

Jose's Real Cuban Food
8799 Cortez Rd W, Bradenton, FL 34210
e of Jose's Lechon Asado at Jose's Real Cuban Food and Guy knew it was the real deal. His seal of Triple D approval didn't end there. Cuban-born Jose Baserva uses his mother's recipes in recreating authentic Cuban sandwiches and mouthwatering piccadillo, which Jose calls "Cuban" ground beef.Special Dishes: Piccadillo


Georgia

Pijiu Belly
678 10th St. NW, Atlanta 30318
For amazing Asian-fusion cuisine in Atlanta head to Pijiu Belly. Don't miss  the Crispy Pork Belly Sandwich smothered in house-made peach hoisin sauce or the hot and spicy Yangnyeom Chicken.Special Dishes: Crispy Pork Belly Sandwich, Yangnyeom Chicken

Twisted Soul Cookhouse & Pours
1133 Huff Rd NW, Atlanta, GA 30318
Customers flock to Twisted Soul Cookhouse & Pours in Atlanta, for Chef Deborah Vantrece’s globally-inspired fusion soul food. Guy loved the Southern Seafood Louie Salad, a play on the traditional Crab Louis salad, with poached crab, shrimp and lobster, roasted corn vinaigrette, avocado-spiked hoe cakes and mango vinaigrette over baby arugula. “There’re not many salads that I would order again. I would order that every time,” he said.Special Dishes: Southern Seafood Louie, Southern Marinated Fried Chicken, Sweet Tea Ribs

Yakitori Jinbei
2421 Cobb Parkway SE, Smyrna, GA 30080
Chef Jae Choi grew up in Chicago in a traditional Korean household. After practicing for a few years as an optometrist, he gave it up to open a test kitchen that was so popular it turned into a real deal restaurant. At Yakitori Jinbei, he takes traditional Korean recipes and adds his own touch, for instance, he adds curry to his Katsu Curry Ramen and his Korean Fried Chicken. Guy loved his unique approach and the restaurant’s dive-feel, “It’s definitely what we look for on DDD.”Special Dishes: Katsu Curry Ramen, Korean Fried Chicken

Rreal Tacos
100 6th St. NE 110, Atlanta, GA 30308
Chef and owner Adrian Villareal combines his Mexican heritage with his fine-dining training to serve up authentic tacos in Atlanta.  Guy loved the Chicken a la Veracruzana tacos and raved about the crispy fried avocados.Special Dishes: Pork Trompo Tacos, Chicken a la Veracruzana Tacos

Wrecking Bar Brewpub
292 Moreland Ave NE, Atlanta, GA 30307
Housed in an old mansion, this funky little brewpub is keeping it local, with specialty beers that are brewed onsite and upscale bar food made with regionally sourced ingredients. “Down here at the pub, they scratch-make everything,” Guy explained. Even the meats are cured in-house, like the pastrami that Guy enjoyed in a flavorful sandwich layered with meat, kimchi and melted cheese.Special Dishes: House Pastrami Sandwich, Specialty Beers, Cheddarwurst Corn Dogs

Joy Cafe
316 Pharr Rd NE, Atlanta, GA 30305
y was craving elevated Southern classics while in Atlanta, he headed to a somewhat unexpected spot: a strip mall. Tucked away in this nondescript locale is a charming cafe dishing up hearty comfort foods. Chef-Owner Joy Beber’s passion shines through in dishes like the flavorful shrimp and grits laced with a housemade hot sauce and the gravy-smothered biscuits topped with tequila-spiked chorizo.Special Dishes: Joy’s Famous Shrimp & Grits, Biscuit and Gravy

Fox Bros. Bar-B-Q
1238 DeKalb Ave NE, Atlanta 30307
Twin brothers Jonathan and Justin Fox are serving up a hearty taste of their home state at this Texan barbecue joint in Atlanta, where they smoke around 10,000 pounds of pork and brisket weekly. Guy is a fan of the Fox Bros. “Burger,” which stars hickory-smoked brisket topped with a melty pimento cheese patty, peppered bacon, pickles, tomato and onion, all on a toasted bun.Special Dishes: Fox Bros. “Burger,” Everything Plate

Folk Art
465 North Highland Ave NE, Atlanta, GA 30342
This grocery store-turned-restaurant serves up creative spins on diner classics. Guy headed to this cozy spot to check out menu favorites like the Meatball Burger. This towering creation comes stacked with three patties smothered with melty provolone cheese, caramelized onions and mushrooms, and blanketed in housemade marinara sauce.Special Dishes: Meatball Burger, Pulled Pork Sandwich

Buttermilk Kitchen
4225 Roswell Rd NE, Atlanta, GA 30342
y wanted to try the best biscuits in Atlanta, he made a beeline for this spot. Chopped champion Suzanne Vizethann serves Southern staples like the Chicken Biscuit: Sweet tea-brined chicken is double-dredged for extra crunch, fried, then served on a buttery biscuit smothered in red pepper jam.Special Dishes: Chicken Biscuit, Lox Plate

The General Muir
1540 Avenue Pl, Suite B-230, Atlanta, GA 30329
Flashes of the South find their way into Chef-Owner Todd Ginsberg’s modern Jewish deli. Locals throw elbows over his fried chicken dinners on Fridays. They often feature pastrami-braised collard greens. Ginsberg cites one of the biggest links between Jewish and Southern cuisine as preserving meat, and more specifically, the less prized cuts of meat.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken Dinner, Bagels

The Highlander
931 Monroe Dr, Suite C-101, Atlanta 30308
A strip mall doesn't sound like the usual location for a dive bar, but Jeff Merback and his crew at The Highlander in Atlanta already have 16 years of success under their belt. Guy was blown away by Head Chef Ice Jahumpa's mozzarella sticks, which are wrapped in pasta prior to frying.Special Dishes: Jamaican Jerk Chili, Jalapeno Corn Fritters, Pasta-Rella (Mozzarella Sticks)

Silver Skillet
200 14th St, Atlanta, GA 30318
intessential Southern diner, The Silver Skillet has been featured in country music videos and TV shows, including Triple D. Since 1967, they've been serving all the stick-to-your-ribs classics, including the famed Lemon Icebox Pie and Guy's favorite: grits and ham.Special Dishes: Skillet Country Ham, Chicken Fried Steak, Lemon Icebox Pie

Matthew's Cafeteria
2299 Main St., Tucker 30084
The general philosophy of Matthew's Cafeteria in Tucker, Ga., is ''if it ain't broke, don't fix it,'' which is why they've been making the same dishes for over 50 years. Guy said the biscuits and gravy were hands down some of the best, and the Brunswick stew is stuffed with chicken smoked in-house.Special Dishes: Biscuits and Gravy, Brunswick Stew, Sweet Potato Souffle

Colonnade
1879 Cheshire Bridge Rd. NE, Atlanta, GA 30324
e second oldest restaurant in Atlanta, but Chef Ryan Cobb is on the culinary cutting edge. Guy thought that the kangaroo filet with spicy sweet-and-sour sauce was reminiscent of sirloin. The knuckle sandwich filled with lobster and marinated tomatoes on a focaccia roll floored Guy.Special Dishes: Kangaroo Filet, Knuckle Sandwich

Southern Soul Barbeque
2020 Demere Rd, St Simons Island, GA 31522
hern Soul Barbeque they like their ribs sweet, and they mean sweet. Guy learned firsthand what this meant: Each rib gets coated in brown sugar and tupelo honey. The result is super tender ribs and pulled pork with a unique woody smokiness.Special Dishes: Brunswick Stew, Pulled Pork

Marietta Diner
306 Cobb Parkway S, Marietta, GA 30060
a Diner may be in Georgia but Gus Tselios knew it could resemble the big Greek family diner he grew up with in New York. Today nearly 3,000 people visit each day to order from the 500-item menu. But Guy knew to try the Greek lasagna, pastitsio, as it's some of the best around.Special Dishes: Spanakopita (Spinach Pie), Burgers, Fettuccine Alfredo, Chicken Saltimbocca

Cabbage Town Market
198 Carroll St. SE, Atlanta, GA 30312


Blackwater Grill
260 Redfern Village, St. Simons Island, GA 31522
ried-and-true sea-to-table restaurant, Guy couldn't miss Blackwater Grill on Georgia's St. Simons Island. The local catch, grouper, doubles as the signature with its creamy daufuskie sauce. Even with local seafood, the menu heads south for Cajun faves like spicy gumbo and shrimp and grits.Special Dishes: Low Country Boil, Blackwater's Shrimp and Grits

Hankook Taqueria
1341 Collier Rd., Atlanta 30318
A good meal for Alton Brown typically costs $10 or less. It's no wonder then that he fell in love with Hankook Taqueria's Bibim-bop made with sliced rib eye, soy sauce, fried egg and the red pepper "sweet heat" sauce. At $7 this Korean street food goes a long way, especially with some sesame fries.Special Dishes: Bibim-Bop

Greens & Gravy
1540 Ralph David Abernathy Blvd, Atlanta 30310
YouTube-star Darius Williams opened a restaurant to celebrate his love of food in real life after becoming popular online. At Greens & Gravy he creates soul food with a twist like his Lemon Pepper Honey Fried Chicken and Collard Green Lasagna.Special Dishes: Lemon Pepper Honey Fried Chicken, Collard Green Lasagna


Hawaii

Privateer's Cove
74-5565 Luhia St, Unit B1, Kailua-Kona, HI 96740
While this pirate-themed restaurant has an international menu, their focus is local: 100% of the profits made go to running a local community center. Chef-owner Nick Traxler’s menu was inspired by his travels around the globe, and is full of surprising dishes like the Whiskey Thai Chile Pork Belly Lumpia, a crispy Filipino spring roll that’s served with homemade Irish cream sauce. Other notable menu items include unusual meats like camel and elk.Special Dishes: Whiskey Thai Chile Pork Belly Lumpia, Seafood Cannelloni

Kenji Burger
4-788 Kuhio Hwy, Kapa'a, HI 96746
Stop by this Japanese-Hawaiian comfort food spot for more than just burgers: they also pride themselves in making fresh sushi rolls, which their futuristic Sushi Robot can do at the speed of 1,400 rolls an hour. While most of their fish is caught off the island daily, one of the freshest fish is flown in from Alaska: the cod used in their Misoyaki Fish Burger. The fish is marinated and broiled until tender, topped with a miso sauce and a fresh arugula salad and sandwiched on a locally baked brioche bun. Guy loved how fresh the sandwich is. “When you are going to come to the islands and enjoy a fish sandwich, the last thing you want is to have it fried,” he said.Special Dishes: Sushi Burrito, Misoyaki Fish Burger

Saimin Dojo
4-733 Kuhio Highway, Kapa'a, HI 96746
This Hawaiian spot is named for its signature dish: Saimin, a classic Hawaiian noodle soup similar to ramen. Fresh Saimin noodles made on Oahu are served with a rich broth made with dashi, a savory Japanese stock. The bowl is then topped with braised oxtail, mustard cabbage, Japanese fish cakes, fresh ginger, green onions, cilantro and peanuts. Guy was blown away by all the flavor: “The only problem is, I can’t get it in my face fast enough,” he said.Special Dishes: Oxtail Saimin, Chili Pepper Chicken

Tiki Iniki
5-4280 Kuhio Hwy, Princeville 96722
You probably know Todd and Michele Rundgren as rockers from the 1970s, but on the island of Kauai they’re known for serving up tropical drinks and Hawaiian-inspired dishes at their own Tiki bar. While the atmosphere is 100% fun, they’re serious about cooking interesting dishes like their signature Iniki Burger. To make the patties, ground beef is blended with cubes of spam, a combination that adds a surprising bit of sweetness to the burger. The mouthwatering patty is topped with house-made pickles and slaw, onion compote and provolone cheese. “People are going to dig it,” Guy said between bites.Special Dishes: Iniki Burger, Shrimp Rangoon, Sweet Sticky Ribs

Hanalei Poke Food Truck
5-5190 Kuhio Hwy, Hanalei, Hawaii 96714
Jeremy Burwell is known for having the freshest poke in Hawaii, and for good reason: the fish he serves is so local that Jeremy, the chef-owner, catches it himself. His popular food truck serves up twists on the classic poke bowl, like the Kealia Plate, an Ahi tuna-based bowl mixed with fresh mint, macadamia nuts and watermelon. Guy said the unusual ingredients bring the dish’s flavors and texture to the next level. “I’ve tried all kinds of flavors, I’ve never had this in a Poke bowl,” he raved.Special Dishes: Local Boy, Kealia Plate, Hanalei Bowl, Spicy Ahi Sushi Roll

The Dolphin Restaurant
5-5016 Kuhio Highway, Hanalei 96714
The Dolphin is an institution on the island of Kauai and the neighborhood place for fresh fish. Part restaurant and part fish market, the chefs are cooking up what they are reeling in. Guy loved the Teriyaki Tuna with its addictive salted drawn butter and raved about the Avocado Poke Bowl. “I can’t eat it fast enough,” he said between bites.Special Dishes: Teriyaki Tuna, Sushi, Avocado Poke Bowl

Tahiti Nui
5-5134 Kuhio Hwy, Hanalei 96714
This family run restaurant is making Kalua pork the traditional way and serving up the catch of the day with a macadamia nut topping and zesty cilantro sauce that Guy found addictive. They also throw a traditional luau once a week.Special Dishes: Kalua Pork, Zesty Coconut Crusted Catch

Broke Da Mouth Grindz
74-5565 Luhia St, Kailua-Kona, HI 96740
Chef Robin Ganir and his wife Jean Nguyen are mashing up Filipino and Hawaiian flavors into new sensations. The Garlic Furikake Chicken has outstanding over-the-top crunch and the contrasting sauces make it sing. “You really take the time to do things right,” Guy remarked.Special Dishes: Garlic Furikake Chicken, Braised Short Ribs and Shrimp

Original Thai
75-5629 Kuakini Hwy, Kailua-Kona, HI 96740
At Original Thai, owner Sa'ing Schueler is serving up a creative mixture of Thai and Chinese cuisine. The SSS Duck is a gorgeous dish that is braised and then fried until crispy and topped with a special spicy sweet and sour sauce. “This is crazy,” said Guy. “I would fly from California to come and have this twice a year.”Special Dishes: SSS Duck, Larb Wrap

Kanaka Kava
75-5803 Alii Dr, Kailua-Kona, HI 96740
For a taste of traditional Hawaiian food, head to this spot where chef and owner Zachary Gibson has been serving local favorites for 17 years.Special Dishes: Poke, Pu Pu Platter

Island Lava Java
Bldg 1 75-5801 Ali'i Drive, Kailua-Kona, HI 96740
Take in the breathtaking views of Kailua Bay while dining oceanside at this knockout joint. Open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, Island Lava Java features standout dishes like Guava BBQ Ribs and tropical pizza. The restaurant also offers up 100% Kona Coffee, a variety of fresh juices and incredible craft cocktails.Special Dishes: Guava BBQ Ribs

Rebel Kitchen
79-7399 Hawaii Belt Rd, Kealakekua, HI 96750
Rebel Kitchen brings international soul food to beautiful Kealakekua with a menu that includes a selection of creative burgers, sandwiches, entrees, salads and homemade sauces. While visiting with Triple G, Guy enjoyed the restaurant's Poke Burger and Coconut Curry Ono & Shrimp.Special Dishes: Poke Burger, Coconut Curry Ono & Shrimp

Foster's Kitchen
75-5805 Ali'i Dr, Kailua-Kona 96740
Foster's Kitchen serves up an outstanding culinary experience with fresh flavors, local ingredients and menu items made from scratch. The Stuffed Chicken with Kona Coffee Red-Eye Gravy is an absolute knockout, among a variety of other incredible dishes. During a visit for Triple D, Guy also enjoyed the Citrus Avocado Poke.Special Dishes: Stuffed Chicken with Kona Coffee Red-Eye Gravy, Citrus Avocado Poke

Umekes Fishmarket Bar & Grill
74-5563 Kaiwi St, Kailua-Kona, HI 96740
This Kailua-Kona joint is the spot for fresh flavors and locally-sourced ingredients. Favorites include Lau Lau (tender pork and Hawaiian salt wrapped in taro leaves and steamed for 10 hours) and slow-roasted Kalua pork. The restaurant also features a full bar and outdoor seating for a truly tropical experience.Special Dishes: Kanaka Poke, Heartbreaker

Thai Mee Up
591 Haleakala Hwy, Kahului 96732
Guy heads to Thai Mee Up for Thai-inspired Hawaiian food right by the airport. Their “out-of-bounds” stuffed chicken wing with sweet-and-sour plum sauce is crispy on the outside and bursting with veggies and rice noodles on the inside. Their boneless pork ribs also take Guy to new heights. “On a scale of 1 to 100 that’s a 101,” he says of the immaculate dish. “This is like a freight train to Flavortown.”
Special Dishes: Stuffed Chicken Wings, Fried Pork Ribs

Miso Phat Sushi
1279 S Kihei Rd #108, Kihei, HI 96753
assuming joint is tucked away in a strip mall, but don't let its no-frills appearance fool you. Inside you'll find bright sushi rolls made from fish so fresh it's pulled straight from owner Shawn Steadman's boat (affectionately named the Shiso Phat). "It's so fresh it's almost jumping into my mouth," Guy said of the TNT, a shrimp tempura roll topped with ahi poke. Another standout is the lilikoi ice cream: a tangy frozen treat made from Hawaiian passion fruit.Special Dishes: TNT Roll, Lilikoi Ice Cream

Maui Fresh Streatery
Roaming Food Truck, Next to the Shell Station at 137 E Kaahumanu Ave, Kahului, HI 96732
Chef Kyle Kawakami keeps it fresh at his food truck, where his ever-changing menu features farm-to-table street food. A new lineup is created every two weeks, using seasonal ingredients and incorporating different regional or ethnic themes. Follow @MauiFreshStreatery on social media to see what he’s currently cooking up, and to track timing and location. The Okonomiyaki is one of the most unique dishes that Guy has ever had in a food truck. Special Dishes: Farm-to-Table Street Food, Okonomiyaki, Pohole Fern Laphet Took Salad

Star Noodle
286 Kupuohi Street, Lahaina, HI 96761
odle boasts an innovative menu of island-inspired Asian fare like hapa ramen (which features fresh noodles cranked out daily on an 80-year-old machine from Japan). Guy raves about the Vietnamese Crepe: a crunchy shell stuffed with a coconut milk-laced mixture of shrimp and pork. It’s served with fresh lettuce leaves to create make-your-own wraps. “This might be in the top 25 most-unique items I’ve ever seen on Triple D,” Guy says.Special Dishes: Hapa Ramen, Vietnamese Crepe

Like Poke
591 Haleakala Hwy, Kahului, HI 96732
ner Danny Kalahiki has been serving fresh poke out of his food truck since 2009. The fresh-caught tuna is cut into extra-large cubes to ensure the fish’s natural flavor isn’t overpowered by the seasonings. The tuna is then tossed with watercress, red onions, poke seasoning and a housemade poke sauce. “It’s so tender that before I even bit into it, it started to melt,” Guy said of the fish.Special Dishes: Poke, Baked Poke, Fried Poke

Fat Daddy’s Smokehouse
1913 S Kihei Rd, Kihei, HI 96753
hris Schobel grew up smoking meats in Pennsylvania, so when he moved to Maui in 2013, he decided to revive a struggling barbecue joint. Schobel’s style borrows from both North Carolina and Texas: The ribs are hit with a dry rub, smoked for five hours, then served with a vinegar-laced barbecue sauce that incorporates beef fat for added flavor. A standout side is the cornbread made from a creamed-corn batter.Special Dishes: St. Louis-Style Pork Ribs, Burnt Ends

Da Kitchen
425 Koloa St. #104, Kahului, HI 96732
line up for Hawaiian classics at this can’t-miss joint by the Maui airport. One flavor-packed favorite is the Notorious B.I.G. Moco, a spin on the Hawaiian comfort-food staple known as loco moco. A gravy-slicked hamburger patty comes perched on a mound of fried rice and topped with housemade chili, shredded cheese, Portuguese sausage, bacon, mushrooms and onions. A fried egg adds to the richness.Special Dishes: Notorious B.I.G. Moco, Kalbi Ribs

The Outrigger Pizza Company
1819 S Kihei Rd, Kihei, HI 96753
ner Kevin Laut has been slinging wood-fired pizzas from a custom trailer he built himself since 2009. The dough he uses for his thin-crust pizzas is made daily, by hand, on the cart. His signature creation, the Lilikoi pie, was inspired by the flavors of Hawaii. This beauty comes loaded with yellow passion fruit glaze, sweet peppers, mozzarella cheese and pulled pork.Special Dishes: Lilikoi Pizza, Italian Sausage Pizza

Nico's Pier 38
1133 N Nimitz Hwy, Honolulu, HI 96817
born owner Nico Chaize came to Hawaii as a foreigner, but Hawaii soon became his home. Guy found him at the Honolulu fish auction at 5:30 in the morning, hand-selecting opah fish for the day's special. And although his fish is gourmet, he serves it takeout style without the gourmet price.Special Dishes: Marlin Burger, Fried Ahi Belly, Opah with Crab Stuffing

Fresh Catch
3109 Waialae Ave, Honolulu, HI 96816
Restaurant owner, chef and octopus wrangler Reno Henriques uses only the freshest seafood to make over 30 types of poke, a traditional raw fish Hawaiian salad. Guy adored the ahi poke with limu seaweed. Feeling adventurous? Try the spicy smoked octopus topped with tobiko, an island favorite.Special Dishes: Ahi Poke with Limu Seaweed, Smoked Tako Poke (Smoked Octopus)

Rainbow Drive-In
3308 Kanaina Ave, Honolulu, HI 96815
at Rainbow Drive-In has been a Hawaiian tradition for over 50 years, with locals and tourists lining up for the legendary mixed and Loco Moco plates. Guy's Loco Moco included a hamburger patty, fried egg, rice and "are-you-kidding-me?" gravy. As Guy says, this is fast food Hawaiian-style.Special Dishes: Loco Moco (Rice, Hamburger, Egg, Homemade Gravy), Burgers, Chili Hot Dogs, Macaroni Salad

Camille's on Wheels
Roaming Food Truck, Kailua, HI 96734
mille may always be on the move, but her GPS and Twitter feed help locals and foodies alike find her food truck. Guy was a fan of her chimichurri beef tacos topped with pico de gallo, cabbage and crema de mirin mayo. Customers also rave about the mango pie.Special Dishes: Chimichurri Beef Tacos, Mango Pie

The Alley Restaurant
99-115 Aiea Heights Dr, Aiea, HI 96701
be located within a bowling alley, but The Alley Restaurant is cooking up some of the best dishes on the island. Take the Oxtail Soup, for example, which is simmered with Chinese spices, ginger, mushrooms and peanuts. Guy also recommends the Grilled Coca Cola-Marinated Turkey Sandwich.Special Dishes: Oxtail Soup, Grilled Coca Cola-Marinated Turkey Sandwich


Idaho

Westside Drive In
1939 W State St, Boise, ID 83702
ive-ins serve burgers and fries, but here a gourmet chef is dishing out delicious meals to the cars that roll through. The prime rib, a Friday and Saturday special, was "out of bounds" according to Guy. The finger steaks with cocktail sauce and the meatloaf sandwich are also delicious.Special Dishes: Ice Cream Potato, Prime Rib, Fingers Steaks, Meatloaf Sandwich, Burgers

Bar Gernika
202 S Capitol Blvd, Boise, ID 83702
on Boise, Idaho's, Basque Block, Bar Gernika is serving up Basque comfort food. Guy loved the marinated pork and peppers in the Solomo Sandwich. The lamb grinder was "nice and juicy" and Guy drained the accompanying au jus. Feeling brave? Try the beef tongue served in a garlic tomato sauce.Special Dishes: Solomo Sandwich (Marinated Pork Loin with Pimientos), Lamb Grinder, Beef Tongue

Donn's Hilltop Kodiak Grill
12342 East Highway 21, Boise, ID 83716
st, Guy Fieri, of Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, at Donn's Hilltop Cafe & Kodiak Grill in Boise, ID, a local landmark that was brought back to life and is now serving up some classic American cuisine.Special Dishes: Portobello Pesto Burger, Pot Roast Beef Sandwich, Sweet Potato Fries

Donnie Mac's Trailer Park Cuisine
1515 W. Grove St., Boise, ID 83702
ri, host of Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, uncovers Donnie Mac's Trailer Park Cuisine in Boise, ID, a tire store turned diner where they'll put just about anything in their mac and cheese.Special Dishes: Mac and Cheese, Corn Dressing for Southern Fried Chicken

Pizzalchik
7330 W State St, Boise, ID 83714
name like Pizzalchik (a union of pizza, salad and chicken), you can expect that this place will serve mighty creative fusion pies. Go whole hog with the two-in-one barbecue chicken-topped Effin Good Pie, which also corrals pineapple, bacon and green onions. Or try Guy’s fave, the Wild Forest Mist, studded with freshly ground elk sausage and wild mushrooms, which he called “the perfect combo.”Special Dishes: Wild Forest Mist Pizza, Effin Good Pie

Rick's Press Room Grill & Bar
130 East Idaho Street, Meridan 83642
Guy says, "the pork chops are the size of Cleveland"; they're so enormous, they can easily be a combo of two chops made into one. Paris-trained Chef Rick Valenzuela serves up unique concoctions like Rick's salmon in Potato, which is glued together with his salmon paste.Special Dishes: Pork Chops with Polenta, Potato Crusted Salmon

Capone's Pub
751 N 4th St, Coeur d'Alene, ID 83814
The pizza dough recipe at this mom-and-pop shop is tried and true. According to Guy, the roasted garlic chicken pizza is "Mmm, good." They also serve pub food like the ultimate burger on a homemade bun, which Guy claimed was "off the hook." The cheesesteak is another local favorite.Special Dishes: Roasted Garlic Chicken Pizza

Jimmy's Down the Street
1613 E Sherman, Coeur d'Alene, ID 83814
hard day at work, locals like to come here to enjoy a hearty home cooked meal. Guy said the firm and tender dumplings in the chicken and dumpling soup were "righteous." The nutty monster caramel pecan roll had a great doughy texture too. Also popular are the breakfast burritos and hash.Special Dishes: Caramel Pecan Roll, Chicken and Dumplings, Breakfast Burritos, Hash


Illinois

La Scarola
721 W Grand Ave, Chicago, IL 60654
Whenever Guy is rolling through Chicago he stops to eat at La Scarola. Chef and owner Armando Vasquez’s serves up unbeatable Italian food and a welcoming atmosphere that Guy can’t get enough of. To make Guy’s go-to order, Veal Chop a la Gabe, a huge 10-ounce pork chop is pounded thin, breaded and fried until crisp and then topped with a lemon, garlic sauce.Special Dishes: Pork Chop a la Gabe, Pasta Fagioli

Bella Luna Cafe
731 N Dearborn St, Chicago, IL 60654
If you are in the the River North region of Chicago and craving old school Italian head to Danny Alberga’s Bella Luna Café. Try the crispy deep-dish sausage pizza with hand-crushed tomato sauce and the massive handmade sausage ravioli.Special Dishes: Deep-Dish Pizza, Ravioli

Del Seoul
2568 N. Clark St, Chicago, IL 60614
Del Seoul is owned by a brother and sister team who turn out creative Korean cuisine with California influences in Chicago. Be careful, you might start dreaming about the crispy K-Town Chicken Wings.Special Dishes: K-Town Chicken Wings, Kaibi Poutine

Saucy Porka
400 S Financial Pl, Chicago, IL 60605
Latin fare meets traditional Asian dishes at this Chicago hot spot. From pork carnitas pho soup to arrozo con edamame, Saucy Porka brilliantly balances the fusion of flavors. We recommend trying the Asian Style Paella (Chinese Lap Chang pork sausage, spicy sausage, pork carnitas, edamame, bean sprouts and scallions) or the Pork Pozole (smoky guajillo peppers and tomato base soup served with pickled cabbage, cilantro and corn tortillas).Special Dishes: Asian Style Paella, Pork Pozole

The Original Vito & Nick's Pizzeria
8433 South Pulaski Rd, Chicago, IL 60652
ust pizza may be blasphemy in Chicago, but The Original Vito & Nick's thin-crust pizza has been winning over locals for more than 90 years. Guy dropped by for the signature cheese and egg pizza. Stop by if you want a slice because Vito & Nick's doesn’t deliver.Special Dishes: Cheese and Egg Pizza, Italian Beef Pizza, Thin Crust Pizza

Kuma's Corner
2900 W Belmont Ave, Chicago, IL 60618
is bar opened, it was all about craft brews and music, but soon the burgers (almost all named for bands) caught on. Graham Elliot is fan of the Mastodon, a beefy patty topped with strips of crispy bacon and a squirt of bourbon-laced barbecue sauce, plus a slice of melty cheese and a pile of fried onions. It’s the perfect fuel for rocking the night away.Special Dishes: Mastodon, The Slayer, Kuma Burger

Smoque BBQ
3800 N Pulaski Rd, Chicago, IL 60641
is all about barbecue tradition; even the baked beans are infused with smoky flavor. The ribs are simply irresistible, as they’re coated in a Memphis-style dry rub and glazed with a sweet, tangy barbecue sauce. Guy can’t get enough of the brisket, which he declares “capital T, tender.”Special Dishes: BBQ Beans, Brisket, Macaroni and Cheese, Ribs

DMK Burger Bar
2954 N Sheffield Ave, Chicago, IL 60657
chael Kornick is making more than a dozen types of gourmet burgers. The unique and contrasting "monster flavors" of the bison burger with blueberry barbecue sauce, goat cheese and marinated onions impressed Guy. He also enjoyed the salmon burger with Thai curry mayonnaise and Asian coleslaw.Special Dishes: Bison Burger, Salmon Burger

Irazu
1865 N Milwaukee, Chicago, IL 60647
r-son duo brings the flavors of Costa Rica to Chicago at the family-friendly Irazu. On Triple D, Guy sampled two traditional dishes: classic fried Chicarron with pico de gallo; and Pepito sandwiches made with steak, onions and black beans, before telling Chef Henry Cerdas, "You rocked it."Special Dishes: Chicharron, Pepito Sandwiches

Garifuna Flava
2516-2518 W 63rd St, Chicago, IL 60629
asted chicken to oxtails to empanadas, Guy's a fan of the traditional Belizean dishes served at Garifuna Flava on the south side of Chicago. Chef Yolanda Castillo treated him to homemade hudut baruru, or mashed plantains, with tikini, a peppery cabbage and fish stew, on Triple D.Special Dishes: Hudut Baruru, King Fish

Hopleaf Bar
5148 N. Clark St., Chicago, IL 60640
r doesn't know the meaning of pub food. They're nixing regular fries and burgers and adding in none other than head cheese (that's pig's head) charcuterie. Or, try a duck and Gruyère crepe. Add a side of frites to that and order from the lengthy menu of beers, and you'll never barhop again.Special Dishes: Mussels

Cemitas Puebla
817 W Fulton Market, Chicago, IL 60607
ne of Cemitas Puebla’s locales for a rare breed of sandwich and a taste of Mexican history. This eatery is the only one of its kind in Chicago serving cemitas, authentic poblano sandwiches made on sesame seed rolls slathered with avocado and chipotle adobo, then stuffed with meaty fillings.Special Dishes: Mexican Sandwich, Cemitas Puebla Salsa Verde

MFK
432 W Diversey Pkwy, Chicago, IL 60614
Score a table at this tiny spot and you’ll be rewarded with a pour of crisp txakolina and a plate of boquerones, pristine anchovy fillets perched on smoky grilled baguettes. For your main, order the cataplana. This tomato-and-anise-flavored stew is larded with bits of cobia collar and fresh shrimp.Special Dishes: Cataplana

Manny's Cafeteria and Delicatessen
1141 S. Jefferson St., Chicago, IL 60607
As a Jewish food specialist, Ted Allen calls Manny's noodle kugel "classic" and a "great way to gain a lot of weight." The kugel in itself merits a trip to Chicago, but diners nationwide head to Manny's for all the tasty Jewish fare, including the chicken soup and massive corned beef sandwiches.Special Dishes: Kugel, Corned Beef Sandwich

Hackney's
1241 Harms Rd, Glenview, IL 60025
This spot has been slinging burgers since original owner Helen "Bebe" Hackney served them with brews on her back porch during the Prohibition era. A standout is The Famous Hackneyburger, served on dark rye with a brick (yes, a brick) of onion rings on the side. As Guy proclaimed, ''It's all-American, baby.''Special Dishes: The Famous Hackneyburger, Hackney’s Original French Fried Onions

White Palace Grill
1159 S Canal St, Chicago, IL 60607
939, White Palace Grill has been open 365 days a year, making it a Chicago landmark. Even with a 24/7 routine, owner George Liakopoulos insists on a menu that's 99-percent scratch made. Guy loved the service and the homemade biscuits and gravy. The veal parmesan? That's "the real deal."Special Dishes: Veal Parmesan, Short Rib Dinners

Tufano's Vernon Park Tap
1073 W. Vernon Park Place, Chicago, IL 60607
For more than 80 years, Tufano's Vernon Park Tap has been dishing out old-school Italian dishes. The James Beard award and solid Chicago fan base prove the quality of their classic dishes. The way Guy sees it, their signature lemon chicken is nothing short of a "bodacious bird."Special Dishes: Stuffed Shells, Lemon Chicken

The Shanty
38995 N US Hwy 41, Wadsworth, IL 60083
Don't judge a book by its cover at this 80-year-old joint serving classic burgers, steaks and pasta dishes. Try the best-selling Whiskey Shrimp that Guy called "dynamite." Surf 'n' turf lovers should indulge in the conch and filet mignon duo that’s got a bit of Cajun spice.Special Dishes: Steaks, Whiskey Burger, Tequila and Orange Salmon and Blackened Conch Filet Mignon

Taste of Peru
6545 N Clark St, Chicago, IL 60626
Peruvians and Chicagoans both head to Taste of Peru in Chicago for authentic chicken tamales, Anticuchos (beef heart kebabs) and Guy's favorite: Lomo Saltado. Along with succulent fried beef, onions and tomatoes, this dish adds french fries, making it what Guy calls "right on-point goodness."Special Dishes: Lomo Saltado (Sauteed Rib Eye with French Fries), Beef Heart, Papa Rellena (Stuffed Potatoes)

Paradise Pup
1724 S River Rd, Des Plaines, IL 60018
dise Pup the "big mess of a burger" is traditional Chicago fast food the way it should be. Folks line up outside the 800-square-foot joint for the one-and-only Char Cheddar burger -- what Guy calls the "mac daddy of all burgers." As for the Italian beef sandwich, it’s "oh, so good."Special Dishes: Char-Burgers and Three-Layer Fries

Glenn's Diner
1820 W Montrose Ave, Chicago, IL 60613
h Glenn's Diner steps outside diner norms with a menu boasting 16 different kinds of fish (including a few straight from Hawaii), Guy was surprised to learn they do breakfast their way too. Here, you can order more than 25 kinds of cereal, everything from Cap'n Crunch to Cheerios.Special Dishes: Chicken Wings, Alaskan Red King Crab Legs, Baby Back Ribs

Galewood Cookshack
Chicago, IL
Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, host Guy Fieri discovers the Gailwood Cook Shack, a BBQ RV in Chicago, IL, that brings North Carolina-style pulled pork to just about anyone in the area.Special Dishes: North Carolina-Style Pulled Pork

Dell Rhea's Chicken Basket
645 Joliet Rd., Willowbrook, IL 60527
Guy couldn't help but drive his fire-red Chevy up to Dell Rhea's Chicken Basket. The iconic restaurant off Route 66 makes 2,000 pounds of their world-famous slow-cooked chicken each week. Guy loved the chicken, and nicknamed Chef Patrick Rhea "Captain Creamy" for the scrumptious mac 'n' cheese.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken, Mac 'n' Cheese

Chicago Brauhaus
4732 N Lincoln Ave., Chicago, IL 60625
rry Kempf has brought classic and comforting German dishes from his homeland to Chicago. Guy enjoyed the "big flavor" and tenderness of the sauerbraten and the rindsrouladen, a beef roll. Loyal customers enjoy the liver dumpling soup and listening to the live polka band.Special Dishes: Sauerbraten, Rindsrouladen, Liver Dumpling Soup

Sun Wah BBQ
5039 N Broadway, Chicago, IL 60640
This family-operated restaurant has some of the best and most authentic Chinese barbecue in Chicago. Served up Hong Kong-style, menu highlights include peanut butter egg rolls, crispy Beijing duck and a whole roasted suckling pig that Rahm Fama says is "mouthwateringly delicious."Special Dishes: Whole Roasted Suckling Pig, Crispy Duck

Charlie Parker's
700 North St, Springfield, IL 62704
in a former military Quonset hut (think of a giant metal meatloaf), Charlie Parker's is serious about its portion sizes. Guy loved the 16-inch pancakes but had a field day with the "Horsehoe" dish, made to order with your choice of bread and meat and topped with cheese sauce and fries.Special Dishes: Horseshoe Sandwich

The Depot Diner
5840 W Roosevelt Rd, Chicago, IL 60644
ot Diner is operating under new ownership since Triple D stopped there, but don't worry about missing out on Thanksgiving flavors with that famous turkey sandwich because they're still making it the same way. Come ready to eat with your hands and use lots of napkins.Special Dishes: Pot Roast Sandwich, Apple Pancakes


Indiana

Zydeco's
11 E Main St, Mooresville, IN 46158
eans native Chef Carter Hutchinson has proclaimed Zydeco the Cajun embassy of Indiana. Guy loved the combination of flavors in the spicy barbecued shrimp with Cajun smoked pork. The boudin according to Guy was "super tender" and he liked the Creole mustard on top.Special Dishes: Tasso, Boudin, Spicy Barbecued Shrimp

Triple XXX Family Restaurant
2 N Salisbury St, West Lafayette, IN 47906
Triple XXX is named after a brand of root beer that has been served here since the 1920s, but it’s the burgers that have put this spot on the map. Made from sirloin butt that’s ground in-house, these “chopped steaks” won Guy over when he stopped in on Triple D. “That’s a good burger,” he declared of one option featuring two cheese-smothered patties nestled on a toasted bun.Special Dishes: Double Cheeseburger, Triple XXX Root Beer

South Side Soda Shop
1122 S Main St, Goshen, IN 46526
d-school spot serves up American classics like a beef and bean chili laden with plenty of spices that Guy calls “a home run.” Owner Nick Boyd also keeps customers with a sweet tooth satisfied by churning out fresh, flaky pastries, while his wife, Charity, serves '50s-style floats and phosphates. One cult favorite is the Green River Soda, a retro flavor that’s a big hit with the kids, thanks to its super-sweet taste and its ability to turn your tongue green if you guzzle enough of it.Special Dishes: Chili, Homemade Sandwiches, Phosphates, Malts, Shakes, Green River Soda

The Barking Dog Cafe
115 E 49th St, Indianapolis, IN 46205
At The Barking Dog, you can feed yourself a hearty plate of cherry pie or the signature "Bark Lard" BLT with special tomato jam. But you can also feed your dog. As Guy discovered on Triple D, just tell them your dog's name and they'll make a special platter for your favorite barker.Special Dishes: "Bark Lard" BLT

Indy's Historic Steer-In Restaurant
5130 E 10th St, Indianapolis, IN 46219
mmunity establishment was about to disappear before a mother and son bought and revived it. Guy enjoyed the meatball sandwich with homemade marinara sauce. The noodles are made fresh for the stick-to-your-ribs beef and noodles. Feeling hungry? Try the stuffed pizza made to order.Special Dishes: Meatball Sandwich, Beef and Noodles, Stuffed Pizza

3 Sisters Cafe
6360 Guilford Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46220
96 Victorian house serves both vegetarians and meat lovers alike with a Southern spin. The ham-and-cheese sandwich stuffed with wilted kale and bacon has been deemed "outstanding" by Guy. And don’t sleep on the housemade desserts: Guy recommends both the raspberry lemon corn cakes and the blueberry goat cheese pie.Special Dishes: Ham-and-Cheese Sandwich, Raspberry Lemon Corn Cakes, Blueberry Goat Cheese Pie

The Tamale Place
5226 Rockville Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46224
the 150,000 tamales made each year at The Tamale Place are handmade and hand-tied. As Guy learned on DDD, that means the masa for the tamales is made with freshly ground corn every day. It's also used for everything from tacos to tortilla chips to the just-like-grandma's apple pecan tamale.Special Dishes: Pork Tamales

Zest! Exciting Food Creations
1134 E 54th St, Indianapolis, IN 46220
recipes at Zest! come from owner Valerie Vanderpool’s imagination -- and lucky for Guy, she's willing to share. On DDD, Guy demolished the tomato bon bons. As for the fried chicken breaded in Asiago cheese and served with rosemary-Gorgonzola polenta, that's just 'golden-funka-cruncha."Special Dishes: Fried Asiago Cheese Chicken

Jersey's Cafe
13710 N Meridian St, Carmel, IN 46032
Jersey native Blair Laing is making Garden State classics and 33 different cheese steaks. Guy fell head over heels when he bit into the Wildwood Cheese Steak with blue cheese, meatballs and rib eye. The chicken salad sandwich with homemade bread and the loaded chips with BBQ sauce also impressed.Special Dishes: Wildwood Cheese Steak, Chicken Salad Sandwich


Iowa

George the Chili King
5722 Hickman Rd., Des Moines, IA 50310
didn’t know there was a royal family of chili, but the residents of Des Moines named the original owner of this classic drive-in the Chili King, and the rest is history. Obviously, the name of the game is chili, but Guy also recommends the Tenderloin — a Des Moines staple made from tenderized fried pork shoulder. Try it all without ever having to leave your car.Special Dishes: Specialty Dish: Chili; Tenderloin Sandwich

Mi Patria
1410 22nd St., West Des Moines, IA 50266
an unassuming strip mall, this Des Moines hot spot might at first look like an unlikely place to serve amazing Ecuadorian cuisine. But locals flock to Mi Patria for authentic South American ceviche and empanadas.

Smokey D’s BBQ
5055 NW 2nd St., Des Moines, IA 50309
There’s a reason Smokey D’s racks up so many awards: The team prepares some of the best BBQ in the Midwest, with three full smokers turning out brisket, ribs and more around the clock. You can’t go wrong with any of the meats, but Guy recommends the smoked chicken wings in particular, which come smothered in your choice of house sauces. For a decadent finish, order the apple dumpling. This sweet yet tangy dish comprises crisp dough and syrup-soaked soft dough, with tart apple tucked inside.Special Dishes: Apple Dumpling, Smoked Wings

Patton’s Restaurant & Catering
1552 East Grand Ave., Suite D, Des Moines, IA 50316
e taste of Louisiana in the Midwest, this authentic Southern gem spins out convincing takes on classics like fried fish, barbecue ribs and a modern take on fried chicken and waffles, with sides like red beans and rice that left Guy speechless.Special Dishes: Southern Fried Chicken and Red Velvet Waffles

Dixie Quick's
157 W. Broadway, Council Bluffs, IA 51503
uick's owner, Rene Orduna, grew up working at his family's Mexican restaurant, and then traveled the world. So when he got to Council Bluffs, Iowa, he put everything he learned into one eclectic menu. Guy said the Texas Chile Pepper Steak was ''one of the best pepper steaks I've ever had.''Special Dishes: Eggs Benedict, Texas Chile Pepper Steak

Tacopocalypse
407 East 5th St., Des Moines, IA 50309
chef who used to be a metal musician, Tacopocalypse naturally specializes in the realm where creative meets outrageous. The taco and burrito flavor combinations are incredibly unique here, with fillings like wasabi brisket and bacon chorizo, and plenty of vegan and vegetarian options, like andouille-spiced seitan. Start with the masa fries, with a Guy-approved topping of kimchi and queso.Special Dishes: Vegetarian Seitan Andouille Burrito

Flying Mango
4345 Hickman Rd., Des Moines, IA 50310
The Flying Mango’s unique name is a hint at the bold, original food it serves. Chef Mike Wedeking offers a menu of Southern barbecue with Caribbean influences. The Memphis-style ribs are popular, but Guy recommends trying the house-smoked catfish cakes.Special Dishes: Smoked Catfish Cakes


Kansas

Jarocho
719 Kansas Ave, Kansas City, KS 66105
Chef-owner Carlos Falcon grew up living right next to the ocean in Mexico, so when he decided to open a restaurant in landlocked Kansas City, he figured out how to bring in fresh fish daily to recreate the flavors of his childhood. The standout dish is the whole fried sea bass, which is salt brined for 24 hours before it’s fried to give it a crisp, salty exterior. It’s served with a side of fresh cabbage slaw and a drizzle of chipotle sauce, and is so incredibly simple. “I don’t care if this is the only thing on the menu, I will be back,” Guy said after his first bite.Specialty dishes: Fried Whole Fish, Grilled Stuffed Oysters

BBQ Shack
1613 E Peoria St, Paola, KS 66071
pped into BBQ Shack with one thing on his mind: whole hog barbecue. BBQ Shack has plenty of the "flavor galore" pulled pork as well as mouthwatering brisket and ribs. But for a real BBQ Shack experience, you must try the spicy jalapeno poppers known as Atomic Buffalo Turds.Special Dishes: BBQ, Chicken Wings, "Atomic Buffalo Turds" Jalapeno Poppers

Bobo's Drive In
2300 SW 10th Ave., Topeka, KS 66604
n restaurants may not be as commonplace as they used to be, but that hasn't stopped Bobo's Drive-In from attracting customers with the same recipes they've had for over 50 years. Their classic cheeseburger is often served with their signature Spanish sauce; as Guy says, ''that's good eats.''Special Dishes: Onion Rings, Double Cheeseburger, Bobo's Chili, Spanish Burger, Spanish Sauce, Apple Pie

Cafe on the Route
1101 Military Ave., Baxter Springs, KS 66713
le D's road trip across Route 66, Guy discovered Cafe on the Route and their killer crusted catfish. As for the legendary kicks — they've got that, too. How about Aztec chicken with a rum glaze, avocado and chiles? For a decadent dessert, enjoy deep-fried cheesecake.Special Dishes: Aztec Chicken, Biscuits and Gravy, Steak and Burgers

Woodyard Bar-B-Que
3001 Merriam Ln, Kansas City, KS 66106
d had been supplying wood to Kansas City BBQ restaurants since 1913, when in 2005, owner Frank Schloegel decided that if it's good enough for everybody else, he'd start cooking on it, too. Now the Smoked Chicken and BurntEnds Sandwich are local faves, and Guy calls the Pork Ribs "a knockout."Special Dishes: Pork Ribs, Burnt Ends Sandwich, Smoked Chicken

Brint's Diner - UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP
4834 E. Lincoln Street, Wichita, KS 67216
Diner in Wichita may have been remodeled recently, but it hasn't lost the warm and down-to-earth atmosphere (no big-screen TV, just food and folks) that's kept locals coming back for more. Guy was particularly impressed with the scrambled eggs, which were light, fluffy and not oily.Special Dishes: Eggs, Omelet, Pancakes, Burgers

Johnny's Bar-B-Q
5959 Broadmoor, Mission, KS 66201
ng to Guy, Johnny's Bar-B-Q "just screams tradition." With a handmade pit, over three decades of happy customers and an owner who's been making BBQ since he was 14 that comes as no surprise. Try the nice and crispy, super-juicy smoked-and-deep-fried chicken with award-winning mild BBQ rub.Special Dishes: Chicken, Pulled Pork with Some Serious Bite, Ribs

RJ's Bob-Be-Que Shack
5835 Lamar Ave, Mission, KS 66062
Chef Bob Palmgreen spent years in high-end NYC restaurants, entering BBQ competitions on the side, until after receiving dozens of awards he decided to take his hobby full time with RJ's Bob-Be-Que Shack. Guy calls their Jalapeno Sausage "tremendous," and the Lamb Ribs are a bonafide top seller.Special Dishes: Jalapeno Sausage, Ribs


Kentucky

Irish Rover
2319 Frankfort Ave, Louisville 40206
This Louisville spot evokes the flavors of Ireland with its hearty dishes inspired by owner Michael Reidy’s homeland. “Righteous,” Guy declared after tucking into cabbage rolls stuffed with a wine-and-whiskey-laced mixture of ground lamb, vegetables and seasonings. Another standout is the Cottage Pie, which starts with a comforting stew composed of beef, potatoes, vegetables and Guinness. Once ready, the stew is ladled into a sourdough bread bowl, then topped with potatoes and shredded Cheddar cheese.Special Dishes Lamb-Stuffed Cabbage, Cottage Pie

The Seafood Lady
617 W Oak St, Louisville, KY 40203
head to this former tire shop for a taste of seafood served Florida-style. Owner Nichelle Thurston lures in the crowds with delectable dishes made from her grandfather’s recipes. One bite of the full combo platter and Guy was hooked. This seafood-centric dish comes heaped with jumbo shrimps, a snow crab cluster, smoked sausages, an ear of corn and a Cajun boiled egg, all doused in a Cayenne-spiked sauce. Another hit is The Hulk: a housemade waffle topped with fried lobster and shrimp.Special Dishes: Full Combo Platter, The Hulk

Momma's Mustard, Pickles & BBQ
102 Bauer Ave, Louisville, KY 40207
native Chad Cooley delivers the smoky flavors of his home state to Kentucky by way of this barbecue joint. “Good smoke, nice rub” Guy said after tearing into a basket of chicken wings. The wings are hit with a spice-laden dry rub, smoked over hickory wood, fried and then dusted once more with dry rub before being served with a side of buttermilk ranch dressing. Another standout are the beef ribs, which are paired with pickles made from a recipe handed down from Cooley’s mom.Special Dishes: Chicken Wings, Beef Ribs, Pickles

Grind Burger Kitchen
829 E Market St, Louisville, KY 40206
Liz and Jesse Huot started off serving grass-fed beef burgers from a tiny trailer, but demand soon grew to the point that they were able to open a brick-and-mortar spot. In addition to the beef patties, they offer a veggie option that left Guy impressed. “Such phenomenal texture,” he said of the patty, which is made from a well-seasoned blend of roasted vegetables, quinoa, pumpkin seeds and more. It’s slathered with smoked tomato ketchup, dressed with lettuce and tomato, and placed on a fluffy bun.Special Dishes: Veggie Burger, Cuban Sandwich

Gralehaus
1001 Baxter Ave, Louisville, KY 40204
y of comfort food favorites with a Southern lilt has earned Gralehaus a legion of loyal fans, with Damaris Phillips among them. She brought Guy Fieri to her hometown haunt, where he was won over by two indulgent menu items: a cheesy bologna sandwich and a meaty grits dish. “Dynamite,” Guy declared of the sandwich, which features two fried slices of housemade bologna perched on a cheese-smothered brioche bun. A sunny-side up egg, mustard greens and splash of hot sauce finish the creation.Special Dishes: Bologna, Egg & Cheese Sandwich, Lamb & Grits

The Table Cafe
1800 Portland Ave, Louisville, KY 40203
ty is at the heart of The Table, which offers fresh American eats made from locally sourced ingredients. Meals here are pay-what-you-can, with some diners opting to help out around the cafe in lieu of plunking down cash. Menu mainstays include the smoked pork sandwich. The pork butt is hit with a barbecue spice rub before being smoked slow and low. The shredded meat is heaped onto a kaiser roll, then topped with housemade condiments: chili mayo and a pickled relish known as chow-chow.Special Dishes: Smoked Pork Sandwich, Smoked Chicken Sandwich

Rick's White Light Diner
114 Bridge St, Frankfort, KY 40601
ulars at Rick's White Light Diner say you'll get lunch and a show when you order from Rick Paul. Guy had front-row seats to the dinner entertainment as Rick served up his authentic Cajun cuisine, like Louisiana crawfish pie and oyster po' boys. Guy says Rick "can't even spell bland."Special Dishes: Oyster Po' Boy with French Bread, Chef Rick's Classic French Bread, Louisiana Crawfish Pie

Wallace Station
3854 Old Frankfort Pike, Versailles, KY 40383
s once a train station is now a neighborhood joint doing everything from scratch, including pimento cheese and fresh-from-the-oven country-style bread. Guy could really tell the difference, especially with the juicy Big Brown Burger made with beef, ham, bacon and a creamy Mornay cheese sauce.Special Dishes: Sandwiches, Fresh Bread, White Cheddar Mornay

Smokey Valley Truck Stop
60 Bond Ct, Olive Hill, KY 41164
Valley Truck Stop lost the gas station part of its business years ago, but the locals kept coming. Guy had to check out the "just-like-Mom-used-to-make" cooking, including fluffy biscuits with handmade sausage gravy, giant smoky burgers and a coconut cream pie topped with toasted coconut.Special Dishes: Coconut Cream Pie

Virgil's Cafe
710 Fairfield Ave, Bellevue, KY 41073
riple D first, Guy headed to Virgil's Cafe for the fried-to-perfection frog legs. Virgil's scratch-made philosophy translates to every inch of the menu, from the Chicken and Andouille Etouffee made with housemade sausage and their very own garlic bread to the perfectly dreamy bananas Foster.Special Dishes: Andouille Sausage

Parkette Drive In
1230 E New Circle Rd., Lexington, KY 40505
e is bringing back the golden age of drive-in eateries the old-fashioned way, with classics like the Fisherman's Special and banana splits. Try their Kentucky-style "Poor Boy," double stacked and loaded with fillings, for an irresistible old-school burger your taste buds won't soon forget.Special Dishes: Double Burger, Parkette's Famous Kentucky Poor Boy

J.J.McBrewster's
3101 Clays Mill Rd #301, Lexington, KY 40503
fter the family's best friend, J.J. McBrewster's is known for scratch-made cooking. Try the hickory-smoked goat platter and mutton dinner. Guy claims the barbecue Melon Sauce at this Western Kentucky eatery should be renamed the "Rich Mahogany" for its dark, smoky flavor.Special Dishes: Smoked Turkey with Melon Sauce, Almond Candy


Louisiana

Piece of Meat
3301 Bienville St, New Orleans 70119
Piece of Meat, a full-service butcher shop and restaurant in New Orleans, was the brain child of chefs Leighann Smith and Daniel Jackson. Aside from unbeatable house-smoked and cured meats, they’re adding their own twist to local favorites. To make the Boudin Egg Rolls, they wrap house-made boudin sausage around pepper jack cheese and then roll it into wonton wrapper and deep fry it. “That wrecks boudin for me from now on,” said Guy.  “You take things that people love and you show them how great it could have been for all these years.”

Turkey and the Wolf
739 Jackson Ave, New Orleans, LA 70130
Chef and Owner Mason Hereford somehow manages to make crazy, off-the-wall cuisine feel familiar. He makes homemade head cheese for the Hog’s Head Tacos and also serves a delicious vegetarian Collard Green Reuben.Special Dishes: Hog’s Head Taco, Collard Green Reuben.

Marjie's Grill
320 S Broad Ave, New Orleans, LA 70119
The food at Marjie's Grill is a completely unique amalgmation of Southeast Asian and New Orleans’ influences. Chef Marcus Jacobs combines Gulf Coast ingredients with Thai, Vietnamese and Laotian spices. “You know what you’re doing,” said Guy, after trying their Honey Butter Yardbird and Crispy Pork Knuckles.Special Dishes: Honey Butter Yardbird, Crispy Pork Knuckles

Bourrée
1510 South Carrollton Ave, New Orleans, LA 70118
Guy heads to this little Cajun smoke house for a righteous taste of New Orleans. Their flaky hot sausage meat pies are cooled down with a rockin' house-made poblano ranch and the beef tallow fries are “stupid good,” according to Guy.Special Dishes: Hot Sausage Meat Pies, Daiquiris, Spicy Shrimp Boudin, Beef Tallow Fries

Sammy's Food Service & Deli
3000 Elysian Fields, New Orleans, LA 70122
Looking for a killer Thanksgiving meal, Mardi Gras style? This former butcher shop turned sandwich shop may be the stop you've been seeking. Get a taste of New Orleans with every bite of your turkey loaded with oyster stuffing, but don’t leave before trying the pumpkin bread pudding.Special Dishes: Turkey Dinner (with Oyster Gravy Stuffing), Pumpkin Bread Pudding

Red's Chinese
3048 St Claude Ave, New Orleans, LA 70117
This spunky Bywater restaurant brings New Orleans flavor to Chinese food with crawfish-packed fried wontons, tingly MaPo Dauphine with tofu, and Bywater Eggplant, spiced with gochujang.Special Dishes: Eggplans, Crawfish Rangoon, Swallow Cloud Soup

Casamento's Restaurant
4330 Magazine St., New Orleans, LA 70115
fried oysters on soft (not crusty) white bread make the restaurant's popular dish a perfect alterna-po’boy.Special Dishes: Louisiana Oysters, Deep Fried Oysters, Oyster Stew

The Joint
701 Mazant St., New Orleans, LA 70117
ing at this Big Easy spot comes out of the smoker, from racks of ribs, pork butt and brisket sandwiches to Cajun sausage and even salad dressing. Guy calls their special North Carolina-style sauce, made with apple cider vinegar, brown sugar, pepper and cayenne, "an orchestra of flavor."Special Dishes: Pulled Pork, Ribs, Brisket Sandwiches

Surrey's Cafe & Juice Bar
1418 Magazine St, New Orleans, LA 70130
Guy made his first bagel thanks to Surrey's Cafe & Juice Bar. All the bagels at Surrey's are handmade and go great with handmade lox or one of Surrey’s fresh-squeezed juices. But they've got the New Orleans classics too. How about boudin hash packed with savory andouille?Special Dishes: Handmade Bagels, Fresh Juice

Joey K's Restaurant & Bar
3001 Magazine Street, New Orleans, LA 70115
y-owned eatery located in a charming century-old building, Joey K's is the place to go for "a real taste of Louisiana soul food." Many items on the menu, like the popular Shrimp Magazine, are named after local streets. Also try the classic Red Beans and Rice, Fried Oysters and Jambalaya.Special Dishes: Jambalaya, Oyster Po' Boy, Shrimp Magazine

The Creole Creamery - Uptown
4924 Prytania St, New Orleans, LA 70115
ied Lavender Honey-flavored ice cream? How about Sweet Potato Sassafras Praline? The only place that has unique flavors like these is The Creole Creamery in New Orleans. Guy called Head Chef Bryan Gilmore a wizard, and it's easy to see why — he's made over 400 flavors of ice cream.Special Dishes: Sundaes, Ice Cream

The Rivershack Tavern
3449 River Rd., Jefferson, LA 70121
The Rivershack Tavern draws a loyal local crowd. While their classically trained chef Mike Baskind does all the basics, like burgers and po' boys, he is known for daily specials including Turtle Soup, Rabbit With Spaetzle and more deliciously creative dishes you wouldn't expect in the average bar.Special Dishes: Rabbit, Sherried Turtle Soup, Po' Boy

Parasol's Bar & Restaurant
2533 Constance St, New Orleans, LA 70130
Every dish at Parasol's Bar & Restaurant is made with tender loving care. As Guy soon discovered, that means po' boys stuffed with "capital-T tender" roast beef. But the real heavy hitter had to be the quintessential New Orleans muffaletta sandwich. Guy called it an absolute must-try.Special Dishes: Po' Boys, Muffaletta

Casamento's Restaurant
4330 Magazine St., New Orleans, LA 70115
At Casamento's Restaurant, the raw oysters are "a tradition," says Guy Fieri. Family-owned since 1919, the classic NOLA establishment is also known for irresistible fried-oyster sandwiches, fried shrimp and soft-shell crab.Special Dishes: Louisiana Oysters, Deep Fried Oysters, Oyster Stew

The Old Coffeepot Restaurant
714 Saint Peter St, New Orleans, LA 70116
Coffeepot is more than 100 years old and yet its recipes embody a fresh, classic take on New Orleans French Quarter cuisine. It was the first time Guy witnessed tomato sauce in jambalaya. The from-scratch green bean casserole was also seriously tasty with its thick cremini mushroom sauce.Special Dishes: Jambalaya and Blackened Red Fish

Katie's Restaurant
3701 Iberville St, New Orleans, LA 70119
Located in New Orleans Mid-City neighborhood, Katie's Restaurant is known for serving top-notch local cuisine, including a seafood sandwich so large it's known as The Barge. When Guy Fieri swung by on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, he couldn't help but praise the handmade pizza topped with Cajun pork.Special Dishes: The Barge

La. Pines Cafe
1061 Robert Rd, Slidell, LA 70458
fe is the local hangout where Chef Jim Vandenburg prepares good old Louisiana comfort food. When Guy bit into the smoked prime rib po' boy drenched in au jus and smothered with horseradish, "Angels were singing." Faithful customers applaud the Cajun corn pudding and smoked rib plate too.Special Dishes: Prime Rib Po' Boy, Cajun Corn Pudding, Rib Plate

Mahony's Po-Boy Shop
3454 Magazine St, New Orleans, LA 70115
ny's, Chef Benjamin Wick's isn't just making sandwiches, he's making po'- boys 22 different ways. Guy chowed-down on the Peace Maker, a po'- boy stuffed with fried oysters, bacon, and cheddar. For dessert, Guy had a slice of the sweet potato crunch pie.Special Dishes: Peace Maker, Sweet Potato Crunch Pie

Avery's on Tulane
2510 Tulane Ave, New Orleans 70119
Husband and wife team Justin and Christy Pitard are putting their twist on local favorites at Avery’s on Tulane. Don’t miss the Oysters Rockefeller Po Boy, made with crispy fried oysters and creamy spinach sauce on a garlic-butter baguette. “That is gangster,” raved Guy. He also loved the Fried Potato Salad, saying, “I am officially, 100% ripping that off.”

Seither's Seafood
279 Hickory Ave, New Orleans 70123
Seither's Seafood is a funky, fresh seafood stop where cuisine and creativity collide. Chef and owner Jason Seither grew up on the Bayou boiling crawfish with his dad and cooking with his mom. He takes the best local, old school ingredients and adds his own wild style to his dishes. The Volcano is like an upside-down Asian-style taco salad with fresh ahi, crab salad and shrimp. The Totem Pole is a towering dish of crab stuffing, crispy soft-shell crab, fried eggplant and a shrimp kabab.


Maine

A1 Diner
3 Bridge St, Gardiner, ME 04345
This original Worcester Diner car #790 serves everything from burgers to Greek stuffed flank steak roulade. The ingredients here are all fresh and prepared by hand. Guy was impressed by the Mojito-glazed duck and recommends the potato hash, which they’ve been frying up for over 50 years.Special Dishes: Greek Stuffed Flank Steak Roulade, Duck with Mojito Glaze, Pancakes, Omelet, Burgers, Soup, Biscuits

Bob's Clam Hut
315 US Rte 1, Kittery, ME 03904
was "jammin' like you're clammin'" at Bob's Clam Hut, you might be too. They've been doing clam dinners the same way here since the '50s. Get an order of Bob's clams, in which whole belly clams are dredged in a corn-and-white-flour blend, or try Lillian's version, in which the clams get a milk-and-egg wash before frying.Special Dishes: Bob's Traditional Fried Clams, Lillian Clams (with Egg Wash), Clam Roll, Lobster Stew

The Porthole Restaurant & Pub
20 Custom House Wharf, Portland, ME 04101
y Fieri, of Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, drops in at Porthole Restaurant in Portland, ME, where an 80-year-old waterfront spot is serving up boat-to-table fresh lobster on a house baked brioche.

Maine Diner
2265 Post Rd, Wells, ME 04090
Guy's visit to the Maine Diner had him sampling "Maine in a bowl." The signature Lobster Pie contains fresh Maine lobster meat with a delicious, secret stuffing baked in a casserole dish. But for more than just a pie, try "The Triple D," which comes with chowder, lobster pie and a codfish cake.Special Dishes: Seafood Chowder, Grandmother's Lobster Pie

Becky's Diner
390 Commercial St, Portland, ME 04101
Every November, Becky's Diner pairs Thanksgiving dinner with the local catch of the day, going "outside of the box and not stuffing turkeys," but lobsters instead. Not visiting for the holiday? Any day of the year, the seaside spot offers family favorites like lobster rolls and fried clams.Special Dishes: Stuffed Lobster, Lobster Rolls, Fried Clams, Blueberry Cake


Maryland

The Smoking Swine
Roaming Food Truck, Baltimore, MD 21231
ans line up at Drew Pumphrey’s mobile food truck to get their fill of his smoked specialties like short ribs and pulled pork sandwiches. A favorite sandwich is The Carolina: Boneless pork butt is hit with a brown sugar dry rub, smoked for 12 hours, then doused with a spicy barbecue sauce that has Guy hooked. A topping of homemade slaw laced with chipotle powder adds kick to the bite.Special Dishes: The Carolina, Beef Short Rib

Miss Shirley’s Cafe
513 W Cold Spring Ln, Baltimore, MD 21210
Crowds flock here for the decadent eats that reflect the Southern-inspired vision of late owner Eddie Dopkin (his son continues the dream). Guy favors Chef Brigitte Bledsoe’s French toast: Slabs of challah bread come stuffed with a rich coconut filling made from a mascarpone-and-cream-cheese base. Prefer something savory? Try the Southern Slammer Sandwich featuring fried green tomato, applewood-smoked bacon, mashed avocado, cheddar and a fried egg piled on pumpernickel bread.Special Dishes: Coconut Cream Stuffed French Toast, Bay-O Po' Boy

Alewife Baltimore
21 N Eutaw St, Baltimore, MD 21201
This bar offers 90-plus beers, but Guy homes in on the unusual eats. He raves about the “dense, big flavor” of the wild boar meat used in the sliders. A topping of pickled carrots and ginger dressing cuts the richness of the meat, making for a combination that was “built to go together,” Guy says.Special Dishes: Wild Boar Sliders, Pork Belly Mac & Cheese Fries, Snakehead Cakes

DiPasquale's Italian Marketplace
3700 Gough St, Baltimore, MD 21224
DiPasquale's bills itself as "your place for everything Italian." Guy would agree, as they sell their own homemade bread, cannoli and mozzarella right next to the aisles of Italian goods and imports. Guy devoured the Sicilian favorite, arancini, calling it a "winner-winner rice ball dinner."Special Dishes: Homemade Pasta, Lasagna, Ravioli, Arancini, Homemade Mozzarella

Clementine
5402 Harford Rd., Baltimore, MD 21214
Clementine is a farm-to-table joint that’s turning heads not just for its philosophy, but also for its delicious food. Chef Winston Blick cures all of his own meat, including bacon, which stars in his house-smoked bacon-wrapped meatloaf. Blick’s menu also features excellent lesser-known cuts of meat, like Asian-style braised pork cheeks.Special Dishes: Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf; Asian Braised Pork Cheeks

Swallow at the Hollow
5921 York Rd., Baltimore, MD 21212
at the Hollow is a dive with a catchy name, but it’s the food you won’t forget. Guy was reluctant to try the Honey Ghost wings, which feature fiery ghost peppers in the sauce, but he found the wings to be perfectly balanced, with the right amount of heat and sweetness.Special Dishes: Honey Ghost Wings

Johnny Rad’s Pizzeria Tavern
2108 Eastern Ave., Baltimore, MD 21231
Want a little punk rock with your pizza? Johnny Rad’s specializes in pies like the Trainwreck, which features mushrooms, spinach, olives and fresh mozzarella — a vegetarian pizza that is hearty enough to keep carnivores happy. Prep for the pizzas with an order of vegan chili, hush puppies or fried risotto balls.Special Dishes: Risotto Balls

Jimmy’s Famous Seafood
6526 Holabird Ave, Baltimore, MD 21224
If this spot deserves fame for one thing, it’s the crab cakes. As Guy puts it, “This is 95 percent crab, 5 percent binding.” The crab cakes — which are about the size of your hand — are packed with fresh Maryland lump blue-crab meat. Another worthwhile menu item is the massive Seafood UFO. The oversized slices of bread that hold this sandwich together can barely contain all the fillings: colossal crab cakes and crab-studded mac and cheese balls, along with mounds of fried shrimp, fried oysters and shrimp salad.Special Dishes: Crab Cakes, Seafood UFO, Jimmy's Oysters

Sláinte Irish Pub and Restaurant
Historic Fells Point, 1700 Thames St., Baltimore, MD 21231
puts a distinctly Baltimorean spin on the classic Irish pub, with excellent seafood dishes like gumbo packed with shrimp, crayfish and Maryland blue crab. Chef Chris Marquis puts a Korean spin on Irish pub classic corned beef, revamping the dish as hearty bibimbap.Special Dishes: Seafood Gumbo

Grano Pasta Bar
1031 W 36th St, Baltimore, MD 21211
all joint specializes in one thing only: pasta. Guy digs the tagliolini pasta topped with baby clams, whose simple ingredients combine to create lots of flavor. He also raves about the handmade ravioli with a filling made from mushrooms and various cheeses, calling it rich, light and earthy.Special Dishes: Tagliolini Pasta, Handmade Ravioli

Stoney Creek Inn
8238 Fort Smallwood Rd., Greenland Beach, MD 21226
You can't be afraid to get your hands a little messy at this crab shack. Naturally, Guy's favorite meal here is the traditional Maryland crab feast, but he loved the crab cakes too. Other local favorites include deep-fried crab, cream of crab, crab toast and shrimp stuffed with crab.Special Dishes: Crab Feast, Crab Cakes, Deep-Fried Crab, Cream of Crab

G&A Restaurant
3802 Eastern Avenue, Baltimore, MD 21224
The only place to find authentic Coney Island-style hot dogs in Baltimore is at G&A Restaurant, owned by Andy Farantos. Their Coney Island chili sauce — or, as Guy calls it, their ''crazy meat concoction'' —combines ground beef with chili powder, celery salt and other secret spices.Special Dishes: Coney Dogs, Burgers

Broadway Diner
6501 Eastern Ave, Baltimore, MD 21224
adway Diner in Baltimore is a family-owned restaurant known for delicious food and huge portions. In fact, Guy called the diner's Broadway Festival ''a seafood buffet for 90.'' Guy also thought that the Potato Crust Salmon was ''one of the coolest things I've ever seen on Triple D.''Special Dishes: Broadway Festival, Hungarian Goulash, Potato Crusted Salmon, Shrimp Creole

Brick Oven Pizza
800 S Broadway, Baltimore, MD 21231
nsidered putting mac and cheese or shrimp on a pizza? Mike Beckner of Brick Oven Pizza in Baltimore has thought of just about any topping to put on a pizza, including chicken and pesto. One of their specialties is the cheese steak pizza, which Guy thought was ''up there with the best.''Special Dishes: Brick Oven Pizza, Cheesesteak Pizza

Blue Moon Cafe
1621 Aliceanna St., Baltimore, MD 21321
t-famous dish at the Blue Moon Cafe in Baltimore is the Cap'n Crunch-encrusted French toast — two breakfast classics that taste great together. Guy loves owner Sarah Simington's homestyle dishes, calling them the definition of comfort food. Duff favors the Sweet Baby Jesus with Scrapple — layers of fried hash browns, crabmeat, cheese, tomatoes and eggs, smothered in housemade hollandaise.Special Dishes: Cap'n Crunch Encrusted French Toast, Sweet Baby Jesus with Scrapple

Galway Bay Irish Pub
63 Maryland Ave, Annapolis, MD 21401
ke Marone is putting his funky touches on traditional Irish pub food at Galway Bay Irish Pub. The low-key, casual environment is serving what Guy likes to call “Irish sushi” — steamed cabbage leaves stuffed with potato and corned beef, and served with a whole-grain mustard sauce.Special Dishes: Cabbage Wraps

Chaps Pit Beef
5801 Pulaski Hwy, Baltimore, MD 21205
rs, Drive-Ins and Dives, Guy and Duff stop by one of Baltimore's finest. From beef to turkey, Chaps Pit Beef infuses each bite with a hint of smoky charcoal goodness. Either way you cut it — rare, medium rare or well done — Chaps knows mouthwatering pit beef.Special Dishes: Pit Beef, Chaps Submarine, Bull Dog Sandwich

The General Store
6 Post Office Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910
Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, Guy Fieri, discovers The General Store in Silver Spring, MD, a 19th century post office turned restaurant cranking out American standards like corndogs and chicken 'n waffles.Special Dishes: Corndogs, Chicken 'n Waffles, The General Store Chili

Joe Squared Pizza
133 W North Ave, Baltimore, MD 21201
rter for the dough from this pizza shop is from an Italian island and is 200 years old. The "crazy good" Bacon and Clam Pizza impressed Guy with its generous amounts of toppings, great texture and chew. He also appreciated the salami and beef filled fried ravioli with marinara dipping sauce.Special Dishes: Bacon and Clam Pizza, Flag Pizza

R&R Taqueria
7894 Washington Blvd, Elkridge, MD 21075
behind a gas station is a small hole in the wall where Chef Rodrigo Albarran-Torres is using his mother's recipes to cook up some authentic Mexican food. Guy and Joe Theismann, former NFL quarterback, devoured the lamb taco enchiladas and tacos al pastor, praising the balance of flavors.Special Dishes: Lamb Taco Enchiladas, Tacos Al Pastor

Boulevard Diner
1660 Merritt Blvd, Dundalk, MD 21222
by tradition and strong family ties, this Greek diner is serving  old-school menu items as well as some crazy new ones. The stuffed grape leaves, from a family recipe, were so good that Guy wanted to take some home. The unique German-Asian fusion sour beef and dumplings taste great too!Special Dishes: Stuffed Grape Leaves, Sour Beef and Dumplings

Sip & Bite Restaurant
2200 Boston St, Baltimore, MD 21231
ird-generation family-owned diner serves classic Greek- and Maryland-inspired fare. Guy loved the meaty texture and generous portions of the crab cakes. The spanakopita, cooked according to the family recipe, sent Guy head over heels when he experienced its cheesy flavor.Special Dishes: Crab Cakes, Spanakopita

Davis' Pub
400 Chester Ave, Annapolis, MD 21403
dive "there are no strangers, only people you haven't met yet." The chipotle habanero barbecue sandwich with coleslaw and a light tangy barbecue sauce was the highlight of Guy's visit. Locals can't get enough of the Baltimore-style steamed shrimp and the crab cake sandwich.Special Dishes: Chipotle Habanero Barbecue Sandwich, Baltimore-Style Steamed Shrimp


Massachusetts

Dirty Water Dough
222 Newbury St, Boston, MA 02116
This inventive pizza shop uses beer to make their dough instead of water, which gives each slice a soft inside and a perfectly crispy outside. Plus, they’re topping pies with unusual combos. Their Taco Pizza is layered with taco meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato and crushed nacho cheese chips and is finished with a sour cream swirl. Guy loved the combo so much, he couldn’t help but immediately get his son Ryder on the phone to tell him about it. “He’s going to lose his mind on this one,” Guy said.Special Dishes: Taco Pizza, Steak and Cola Pizza

Mike's City Diner
1714 Washington St, Boston, MA 02118
This spot is a Boston tradition, serving cops, construction workers and even Bill Clinton. Try The Pilgrim Sandwich, which stars a Thanksgiving feast on a massive roll. This beauty comes layered with homemade cranberry sauce, fresh-roasted turkey and savory stuffing topped with herbaceous gravy.Special Dishes: Corned Beef Hash, Stuffing, Mike's Clam Chowder, Turkey Dinner, The Pilgrim Sandwich

Casa Razdora
115 Water St, Boston, MA 02109
in the financial district of Boston, Casa Razdora is where locals go for real-deal Italian food. Guy recommends the porcini cascioni, which has an “outrageous” filling with sausage, gorgonzolaGorgonzola, button mushrooms, and porcini mushrooms. Another must-try is the rosettes, a ham-and-cheese pasta.

Saus
33 Union St, Boston, MA 02108
anslates as “sauce” in Dutch, and that’s exactly what this Dutch-Greek joint is all about – condiments. Pick and choose from 20 sauces. Some standout dishes include the lemongrass chicken pocket with peanut sauce and what Guy calls the “over-the-top” Sloppy Jacques.Special Dishes: Sloppy Jacques, Chicken Pocket

Cafe Polonia
611 Dorchester Ave, Boston, MA 02127
lonia is a real-deal Polish joint where everything is cooked the proper way. They serve all the traditional Polish dishes, like their handmade meat pierogi that Guy says will change the way you think about these bites. Also have a taste of the Knight’s Cutlet, which is a stuffed pork loin.Special Dishes: Meat Pierogi, Knight's Cutlet

Blunch
59 E Springfield St, Boston, MA 02118
ngs by Blunch to sample the gourmet sandwiches that have made it a local favorite. Follow Guy’s lead and devour The Bird, whose seasoned chicken breast is accompanied by mozzarella, roasted tomatoes, artichoke aioli and greens nestled on a baguette. For a vegetarian option, try The Provencal.Special Dishes: The Bird, The Provencal

Sam LaGrassa's
44 Province St, Boston, MA 02108
claim they're serving the world's best sandwiches here, and they may not be lying. Try their best-seller, the Chipotle Pastrami topped with coleslaw and pressed on a double-faced grill, or the "real-deal-style New England Clam Chowder" made with fresh clams.Special Dishes: Clam Chowder, Chipotle Pastrami Sandwiches

Rino's Place
258 Saratoga St, Boston, MA 02128
's Place, Guy claims they're following all the rules and offering "authentic Italian dishes just like they do in Italy," with one addition: ridiculously large portions. You'll taste the passion for the food in dishes like Shrimp With Lemon Liquor, Rino's Special and the Lobster Ravioli.Special Dishes: Shrimp with Lemon Liquor, Rino's Special, Lobster Ravioli

Yankee Lobster Company
300 Northern Ave, Boston, MA 02210
The lobster here is extra fresh especially because the water for the aquariums is pumped directly from the ocean. The lobster mac 'n' cheese Guy called "ridiculous," while the cod cakes tasted like the "perfect storm." Locals like the crab and other seafood-inspired dishes as well.Special Dishes: Cod Cakes, Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese, Crab

Boston Burger Company
37 Davis Sq, Somerville, MA 02144
burger stronghold, Chef Paul Malvone is grilling fresh handmade burgers 28 different ways. The Mac Attack, Guy's favorite, is piled with homemade mac 'n' cheese, bacon and a fresh 8 ounce patty. Locals love the Killer Bee with a stack of onion rings and the Pilgrim with cranberry mayo.Special Dishes: Mac Attack, Killer Bee, Pilgrim

Highland Fried
1271 Cambridge St., Cambridge, MA 02139
After owner Mark Romano won awards at his other restaurant for the best fried chicken in Boston, he decided to open up this joint to focus exclusively on the dish. His chicken is tender and crispy, and pairs well with his drink menu, which is an entire lineup of classic Tiki drinks, like the Mai Tai and the Painkiller. Guy and Hunter also loved the barbecue gumbo. Special Dishes: Nashville Fried Chicken, Gumbo

Bagelsaurus
1796 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02140
Chef Mary Ting Hyatt was planning on being a schoolteacher but decided to open a bagel restaurant instead and ended up starting a bagel revolution in the Boston area. Customers rave that her house-made bagels and bialys are some of the best they’ve ever had. Her version of a BLT is made on a fresh onion bagel with spicy cream cheese, slow-roasted tomatoes, lettuce and a mound of crispy bacon. “You’re a dangerous woman,” said Guy after tasting the sandwich.Special Dishes: BLT, Hot Smoked

Blue-Eyed Crab Caribbean Grill and Rum Bar
170 Water St, Plymouth, MA 02360
m Casey has dreamt up a menu that takes inspiration from the islands, as it’s loaded with seafood dishes that have a Caribbean twist (lobster and lump crab Creole, anyone?). The flavors of the tropics also shine through in Chef Casey’s assortment of next-level bar eats like the banana garlic chicken wings that Guy described as “a calypso band meets Metallica.”Special Dishes: Lobster and Lump Crab Creole, Banana Garlic Chicken Wings

Shuckers World Famous Raw Bar
91 Water St, Woods Hole, MA 02543
away by the spot where the ferry leaves for Martha’s Vineyard, this harbor hideaway offers outdoor dining and fresh seafood dishes like the Baked Stuffed Scrod. For this dish, cod that’s been plucked straight from the bay is stuffed with a rich filling of lobster tail meat, cracker crumbs and melted butter. “It tastes bright and fresh and like the sea,” Guy enthused about the dish.Special Dishes: Baked Stuffed Scrod

Parkside Market
281 Main St, Falmouth, MA 02540
fuel up for the day with a hearty morning feast? Follow Guy’s lead and head to this spot that’s serving up filling breakfast dishes made from fresh, local ingredients. Breakfast is served all day, but come lunchtime, you can also get standout sandwiches like the Cab, which comes piled with slice upon slice of chicken breast topped with melted cheese, bacon and avocado.Special Dishes: Cab Sandwich

Driftwood Publick House and Oysteria
39 Court St, Plymouth, MA 02360
Classic home cooking with a unique twist is what you’ll get at this gastropub that had Guy declaring it “out of bounds!” One standout that draws the crowds is the Philly Pretzel. This massive pretzel comes stuffed with shredded beer-braised beef shoulder and melted American cheese.Special Dishes: Philly Pretzel

Pickle Jar Kitchen
170 Main St, Falmouth, MA 02540
t the name of this restaurant is unusual -- its menu is chock-full of dishes totally unexpected in a beach town like Cape Cod. Instead of fried clams, you’ll find dishes like pulled pork with smoky cheddar sauce on a scallion scone. “It’s different, it’s refreshing, it’s creative,” Guy said when he stopped in on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.Special Dishes: Open Faced BBQ Boneless Pork

Dana's Kitchen
881 Palmer Ave, Falmouth, MA 02540
aint Cape Cod cafe is open year-round, serving up pastries, sandwiches and soups that made a fan out of Guy. “It’s just what I wanted when I pulled up — little cottage tucked away in the woods … grabbed some sausage and kale soup,” Guy declared. A menu favorite, the Portuguese kale soup combines homemade chicken stock with linguica sausage, kale, kidney beans, russets and plenty of hot sauce.Special Dishes: Portuguese Kale Soup

Veggie Galaxy
450 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139
Head here for American diner staples with a vegetarian makeover, as well as fresh baked goods from the restaurant’s 100-percent-vegan bakery. Try the fluffy pancakes topped with your choice of caramelized banana butter or mixed berries and coconut whipped cream. Dinner options include a hearty shepherd's pie (a combination of quinoa, button mushrooms, peas, carrots and corn).Special Dishes: Pancakes, Shepherd’s Pie, Mac and Stack, Vegan Burgers

Kelly's Diner
674 Broadway, Somerville, MA 02144-2220
mes loved going to diners as a child, so he jumped at the chance to restore an old Delaware diner and transport it up to Somerville, Mass. Now it's rechristened Kelly's Diner and dishing out New England classics. Guy felt the lobster roll was just right: lots of lobster and not too much mayo.Special Dishes: Lobster Roll, Pancakes, Corned Beef Hash, Meatloaf

Tupelo
1193 Cambridge St, Cambridge, MA 02139
comes to New Orleans-style cuisine, no one adds as much flair to their cooking as Chef Rembs Layman. The confit pork belly corn dogs with a side of pickled habanero and onions electrified Guy’s taste buds. Fans adore the shrimp and grits, gumbo and beer-batter crepes.Special Dishes: Confit Pork Belly Corn Dogs, Shrimp and Grits, Gumbo

Mr. Bartley's Gourmet Burgers
1246 Massachusetts Ave., Cambridge, MA 02138
tley's Gourmet Burgers' success can be attributed to big flavors and a history of celebrity drop-ins, including Jacqueline Onassis, Bob Dylan and Johnny Cash. Guy barely fit his mouth over the Harvard (pronounced HAH-vud) Double Burger. As for the onion rings — eat those by the handful.Special Dishes: The Triple D Burger, The Drone Burger, Frappes

Trina's Starlite Lounge
3 Beacon St, Somerville, MA 02143
Starlite Lounge brings a Southern splash to the East Coast. Their best seller is the fried chicken and buttermilk waffles with hot pepper syrup. Don’t miss their homemade Tater Tots with rosemary garlic aioli and Parm. These soft and crunchy tots get Guy’s stamp of approval.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken & Buttermilk Waffles

Deep Ellum
477 Cambridge St, Allston, MA 02134
lum is a go-to destination for high-quality bar food and drinks. For brunch, Guy orders the house-cured salmon sandwich. Chicken 2 Ways is what he devours for dinner. The dish features smoked andouille-style sausage, confit thigh, cheese grits, braised collard greens and peach relish.Special Dishes: Chicken 2 Ways

Lone Star Taco Bar
479 Cambridge St, Allston, MA 02134
er to Lone Star Taco Bar for the most-authentic Mexican street food on the East Coast. Diners love the Chicken Ranchero Tostada, with house beans, ranchero braised chicken, napa cabbage and crema placed on a crispy tortilla. Guy also recommends the grilled street corn and the beef barbacoa.Special Dishes: Chicken Ranchero Tostada, Grilled Street Corn, Beef Barbacoa

JT Farnham's Seafood & Grill
88 Eastern Ave (Rte 133), South Essex, MA 01929
recipe dating back to 1956, JT Farnham's holds the key to delicious fried clams. By frying locally caught whole-belly clams to "just beyond canary yellow" it's amassed a huge fan base. For newcomers, try the Fisherman's Combo with everything from fish to fries and, of course, fried clams.Special Dishes: Fried Whole Belly Clams

Greek Corner Restaurant
2366 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02140
authentic eatery, you're getting real Greek food made by two brothers who once left Greece to go to college and ended up serving their mother's recipes at Greek Corner instead. Enjoy a meat attack, just as Guy did with the "tetris  of meat and lamb" in their layered meat gyro.Special Dishes: Spit-Roasted Lamb, Pastitsio

Charlie's Diner
5 Meadow Rd, Spencer, MA 01562
's Diner is running a diner the classic way, with three generations of the same family behind the counter. As Guy learned on DDD, the big menu includes all the diner favorites done to perfection, including corned-beef hash, fried clams and homemade mac and cheese.Special Dishes: Bourbon-Marinated Steak Tips, Corned-Beef Hash

Morin's Hometown Bar & Grille
16 S Main St, Attleboro, MA 02703
tleboro, Mass., landmark - currently in its third generation - has been making its French Meat Pies the same way for over 100 years. Try the French meat pie served with mashed potatoes and a gravy that’s got a hint of cinnamon and cloves, which Guy calls "the zip" in the dish.Special Dishes: 10-inch French Meat Pie, Fisherman's Stew

The Little Depot Diner
1 Railroad Ave, Peabody, MA 01960
our day with a tasty breakfast at the eclectic Little Depot Diner, an old lunch car turned diner, which once had wheels under the entire place. Try the Meatloaf and Eggs or French Canadian Creton, a pork and spice spread perfect for enjoying on crackers or with the curried Mulligatawny Soup.Special Dishes: Boston Baked Beans, Mulligatawny Soup


Michigan

The Purple Carrot
4480 S Hagadorn Rd, Okemos, MI 48864


The Cosmos
611 E Grand River Ave, Lansing, MI 48906
For otherworldly pizza with the freshest mozzarella you can get head to Cosmos. Owner Sam Short was inspired by the pizza parlor he visited with his father as a kid. He infused the casual, fun atmosphere with some seriously delicious pies. Try any of their creative offerings or opt for the “Trust Us” and let them bring out a surprise offering that will wow you.Special Dishes: Trust Us, The Spaceball

Eastside Fish Fry & Grill
417 East Kalamazoo St, Lansing, MI 48912
Eastside Fish Fry & Grill is known for its amazing chicken wings, prepared with a 48-hour dry rub marinade and fried to order. The adventurous can also find local delicacies like crispy fried gizzards and pig skins, aka deep-fried bacon strips.Special Dishes: Chicken Wings, Pig Skins, Fried Gizzards

Capital City BBQ
1026 W. Saginaw St, Lansing, MI 48915
In an odd location, inside of a cellular store, Chef and Owner Linh Lee and Co-Owner Regan Louchart are fusing their two cultures together for a truly unique dining experience.  The Brisket Bahn Mi is a combination of meltingly tender smoked brisket and the classic banh mi toppings like pickled daikon, cucumber and cilantro.Special Dishes: Brisket Banh Mi, Pork and Shrimp Spring Roll

Zaytoon Mediterranean
940 Elmwood Dr, Lansing, MI 48917
For a taste of Mediterranean classics done right head to Zaytoon where a Michigan native with Middle Eastern roots is serving up amazing chicken shawarmas with luscious garlic sauce and super-legit lamb grape leaves served with creamy hummus.Special Dishes: Chicken Shawarma, Grape Leaves

Meat Southern B.B.Q. and Carnivore Cuisine
1224 Turner St, Lansing, MI 48906
Guy steps into a rock and roll fantasy straight out of Flavortown at this Southern-style barbeque joint. Standouts include the house-smoked pork belly pastrami and pickle fries that are “another level of ridiculous.” Don’t miss the smoked wings with the coffee-kissed Black Magic sauce.Special Dishes: Pork Belly Reuben, Pickle Fries, Smoked Chicken Wings

Union Woodshop
18 S Main St, Clarkston, MI 48346
locals know to come to Union Woodshop for great barbecue, especially Kid Rock. The unctuous flavor from The Porker, which has a house-ground pork patty, housemade Michigan maple bacon and housemade hotlinks, wowed Guy. Diners also enjoy the pizza kitchen and whiskey bar.Special Dishes: The Porker (Ground Pork Patty, Maple Bacon and Hotlink Sandwich), Pizza

Rosie's Diner
4500 14 Mile Rd., Rockford, MI 49341
ri, host of Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, satisfies his craving for American cookin' at Rosie's Diner in Rockford, MI, which is located in the heart of their local community.Special Dishes: Cobblestone French Toast, Burgers, Rosie's Classic Breakfast, Southern Bounty

Joe's Gizzard City
120 W Main St, Potterville, MI 48876
want to eat at Joe's Gizzard City, you'll get a quick lesson in gizzards (best described as a chicken's second stomach). Guy was a fast learner and dove right into his basket of tender fried gizzards. But Joe's doesn't stop there. They're frying Twinkies, too, or, as they call them, Frinkies.Special Dishes: The "DDD" Burger, Frinkies, Gizzards

The Fly Trap
22950 Woodward Ave, Ferndale, MI 48220
Here's a first - Triple D meets tofu (awesome!). The Fly Trap "finer diner" keeps it classic with their gingerbread waffles, but isn't afraid to travel to the Far East. Trade your greasy spoon for chopsticks and get down with their Asian-inspired tofu fried rice and the fattest pho bowl in town.Special Dishes: Vietnamese Pho Bowls, Thai-Style Peanut Chicken, Homemade Salmon Burger, Gingerbread Waffles

Krazy Jim's Blimpy Burger
304 S Ashley St, Ann Arbor, MI 48104
nter at Krazy Jim’s is no joke. To savor the fresh-ground burgers, you’d best order correctly: first the size, then the bun and toppings, and finally the cheese. “Look at the festival of funk,” Guy said of his burger piled with onions, peppers, bacon, salami and mushroom. Dress up your double, triple, quad or quint with a side of crunchy onion rings and buckle up — this is the real deal.Special Dishes: Burgers, Onion Rings

Polish Village Cafe
2990 Yemans Ave, Hamtramck, MI 48212
can't make it to "the old country," Guy recommends stopping by the Polish Village Cafe. The Hungarian pancakes are fried and topped with a goulash made with pork butt. Guy loved the crunch from the pancakes and the "megatender" meat. Feeling adventurous? Try the tangy dill pickle soup.Special Dishes: Dill Pickle Soup, Hungarian Pancake

Supino Pizzeria
2457 Russell St, Detroit, MI 48207
to Italy inspired Chef Dave Mancini to open his own pizzeria. The "light and crispy" City Wing Thing pizza topped with smoked turkey, cherry peppers, smoked Gouda, mozzarella and roasted garlic was Guy's favorite. If you’re feeling creative, try inventing your own topping combination.Special Dishes: City Wing Thing Pizza

Michigan Brewing Co.
1093 Highview Dr, Webberville, MI 48892
Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, Kid Rock takes Guy Fieri on a thirst-quenching tour of Michigan Brewing Co. in Webberville, MI.

Clarkston Union Bar & Kitchen
54 S Main St, Village of Clarkston, MI 48346
urt Catallo has transformed an old church into a comfort food diner. Kid Rock and Guy liked the deliciously creamy mac and cheese, calling it the "most macked mac & cheese." Locals also enjoy coming here for the great atmosphere and a glass of cold beer.Special Dishes: Mac & Cheese, Beer

Traffic Jam & Snug
511 W Canfield St, Detroit, MI 48201
everything at this husband and wife-run restaurant is "so local, it comes from the same address." The hot-sauce jelly beans in the pork loin kamatsu salad provide the dish with a good amount of heat, according to Guy. Locals also enjoy the huge braised-beef panini made with fresh baked bread.Special Dishes: Pork Loin Kamatsu Salad, Braised-Beef Panini


Minnesota

Smack Shack
603 Washington Avenue N, Minneapolis, MN 55401
What started as a mobile operation has grown into a bustling brick-and-mortar restaurant. The menu has expanded with the space, as the Smack Shack now offers a slew of seafood favorites (and fun cocktails) in addition to the fresh lobster rolls that started it all. There are options aplenty, including fish boils and lobster-studded mac and cheese (which was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives). You can also get your seafood in sandwich form, as po’ boys dominate the menu.Special Dishes: Po' boy, Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese

Prairie Dogs
610 W Lake St, Minneapolis, MN 55408
Fittingly, Chef Craig Johnson’s first job was slinging hot dogs. He now spends his days creating beyond-basic riffs on sausages as the owner of Prairie Dogs. Johnson delivers a one-two punch of meaty flavor with his Jimmy Two Times creation. He grills housemade Italian sausage in duck fat, then pairs it with jus-drenched slices of Italian beef (also made in-house) on a Vietnamese-style baguette. The sandwich comes smothered with marinara sauce and a giardiniera that Guy declared “the real surprise.”Special Dishes: Jimmy Two Times Sausage & Beef Combo, Foietine

Red Wagon Pizza Company
5416 Penn Ave S, Minneapolis, MN 55419
as long been a way of life for Chef-Owner Peter Campbell, whose family made pies as a regular pastime. These days, he’s serving artisan pizzas that have won over fans like the DDD crew. Guy stopped in for the Red Wagon Pizza. This meaty pie is slathered with housemade sauce, then topped with a mix of mozzarella and provolone cheeses, a flurry of banana peppers, and meaty ribbons of soppressata and hearty housemade sausage, which makes for a well-balanced pizza that Guy declared “dynamite.”Special Dishes: Red Wagon Pizza, Tortellini

Holy Land
2513 Central Ave NE, Minneapolis, MN 55418
Wajdi Wadi opened this Middle Eastern spot in the '80s as a small deli, bakery and grocery, but the family-owned operation quickly exploded with growth. Holy Land's popular hummus is produced and packaged in the family's very own factory, where it's shipped out to retailers in the area. Guy was blown away by the flavor of the dip. "I've had a lot of good hummus in my life, but I haven't had very much hummus this fantastic," he said.Special Dishes: Hummus, Arabic Chicken Shawarma Wrap

Surly Brewing Company
520 Malcolm Avenue SE, Minneapolis, MN 55414
ds behind Surly Brewing know a thing or two about overcoming obstacles. They actually paved the way for small-production brewers to sell beer onsite, which was illegal in Minnesota before 2011. Once the “Surly bill” became law, Ansari and his team built a 50,000-square-foot hall where visitors can indulge in a cold one paired with classic comfort foods, including the Pulled Pork Platter. Huge slices of smoky pork are served with fried Thai chili Brussels sprouts and buttery cheddar grits.Special Dishes: Pulled Pork Platter, Chopped Brisket Sandwich

The Herbivorous Butcher
507 1st Ave NE, Minneapolis, MN 55413
duo Aubry and Kale Walch are changing the culinary game at their vegan butcher shop, which Guy calls “groundbreaking.” Using a mix of complex flours and plant-based ingredients, they replicate the flavors and textures of cold-cut meats and cheeses. Guy favors the Italian Sub, which is piled high with vegan versions of salami, ham, pastrami and mozzarella, then topped with lettuce, onions and cherry peppers.Special Dishes: Turkey Dill Havarti, Italian Sub

Gandhi Mahal Restaurant
3009 27th Ave S, Minneapolis, MN 55406
ner Ruhel Islam delivers the flavors of India to the diners of Minneapolis at his restaurant. He’s so dedicated to fresh ingredients that he grows vegetables and herbs in the basement, and collects honey from a beehive on the roof. When Guy stopped by, he tried the buttery Chicken Tikka Masala. “If you don’t think you like Indian food, let this be your visa,” Guy said of the dish.Special Dishes: Chicken Tikka Masala, Dal with Naan

Northbound Smokehouse and Brewpub
2716 East 38th St, Minneapolis, MN 55406
their pub off the ground, Amy Johnson and Jamie Robinson got creative by offering free beer for life to anyone who invested $1,000. Customers may have signed up for the brews, but they’re staying for the food, thanks to a menu of mouthwatering smoked dishes like the 18-Hour Porketta. This meaty sandwich features succulent pork and sauteed onions blanketed with a layer of melty Swiss cheese.Special Dishes: 18-Hour Porketta

Unideli
2014 E 24th St, Minneapolis, MN 55404
away in a massive Asian grocery store in Minneapolis, this little shop is churning out ramen dishes that had Guy hooked. “If they made this in the 50-gallon drum, I'd be having a hot tub in it,” said Guy of the Dramen, which comes loaded with sliced pork belly, Asian greens, noodles, peanuts and chile flakes. A combination of chicken and pork broths adds to the richness.Special Dishes: Dramen

George and the Dragon
813 W 50th St, Minneapolis, MN 55419
meets the Philippines at this cozy Minneapolis pub. Head here for “the kind of cooking that happens when fans of British culture mix it up with old family recipes,” as Guy describes it. Fred and Stacy Navarro (who have Irish, French and Filipino ancestries between them) have dreamed up an eclectic menu of mouthwatering eats (we’re talking bacon and onion dip, a banh mi sandwich and more).Special Dishes: Bacon & Onion Dip, Banh Mi Sandwich

Buster's on 28th
4204 S 28th Ave, Minneapolis, MN 55406
Buster’s on 28th is so beloved that local fans rallied to raise money to rebuild it after the gastropub burned down in 2013. Crowds flock here for the friendly vibe and elevated pub grub like beer-braised brisket. After being hit with a simple rub, the cubed beef is braised in heavy stout, then served on a bun smothered with roasted red pepper cream cheese. “That is fantastic,” Guy said of the dish.Special Dishes: Beer-Braised Beef

Kramarczuk's
215 E Hennepin Ave, Minneapolis, MN 55414
ride with Guy to Kramarczuk's, an old European country food spot known for "stick-to-your-ribs food." If you're a sausage lover, then this is the place to get homemade sausage and boiled cabbage rolls. You can't leave without trying Varenyky, the dish with three meats and three potatoes.Special Dishes: Boiled Cabbage Rolls Stuffed with Pork, Varenyky (Pierogis), Krakowska (Polish Sausage), Szegedin Goulash

Emily's Lebanese Deli
641 University Ave NE, Minneapolis, MN 55413
town Minneapolis, Emily's has been serving family-style Lebanese food for more than 38 years. The signature lamb shish kebab had Guy singing its praises. The kibbi made with raw ground beef and spices was equally delicious — Guy described it as the Lebanese version of steak tartare.Special Dishes: Lamb Kabob, Lamb Tongue, Kibbi, Meat Pie (Lamb and Beef Baked in Flour Crust), Hummus Bi-Tahini, Stuffed Grape Leaves

Al's Breakfast
413 14th Ave SE, Minneapolis, MN 55414
y revisits Al's Breakfast for the second time, he finds the popular spot is "still packed and still run by the king of the joint." Regulars often enjoy Jelly Omelets in the 14-stool classic American eatery. Their short-order style hasn't changed in 60 years, and we don't want it to, either.Special Dishes: Corned Beef Hash, French Toast Batter, Jelly Omelet, Jose (Poached Eggs, Salsa, Hash Browns), Pancakes

Broders' Cucina Italiana
2308 W 50th St, Minneapolis, MN 55410
Rodriguez, director of photography for Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives insisted that this family-owned Italian restaurant is to die for. After trying the tender fettuccine alla Bolognese and experiencing the thin-crust Dynamite pizza with prosciutto, mozzarella and arugula, Guy was convinced.Special Dishes: Prosciutto and Arugula Pizza, Fettuccine alla Bolognese

Pizzeria Lola
5557 Xerxes Ave S, Minneapolis, MN 55410
Zimmern introduced Guy to this pizzeria. Despite his distaste for eggs, Guy indulged in the Sunnyside pizza. The My Sha-Roni! captured Guy's heart with its pepperoni and Berkshire pork sausage, while the Lady ZaZa with Korean sausage, kimchi and soy chili glaze had "dynamite" flavor.Special Dishes: My Sha-Roni!, Lady ZaZa, Sunnyside Pizza

Victor's 1959 Cafe
3756 Grand Ave S, Minneapolis, MN 55409
Florida isn't the only place to get delicious Cuban food in the United States — just take a look at Victor's 1959 Cafe in Minneapolis. Owner Niki Stavrou uses authentic Cuban recipes for meals such as ranchero Cubano and picadillo. Guy thought the Cuban sandwich was ''as legit as they come.''Special Dishes: Picadillo and Creole Sauce, Rachero Cubano, Cuban Sandwich, Flank Steak

Town Talk Diner
2707 1/2 E Lake St., Minneapolis, MN 55406
Take a drive out to Town Talk Diner in Minneapolis, MN, with Guy Fieri, host of Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, for some creative spins on classic dishes like macaroni and cheese, meatloaf and fried chicken.Special Dishes: Macaroni and Cheese, Fried Chicken

Modern Cafe
337 13th Ave NE, Minneapolis, MN 55413
m Grell opened Modern Cafe in 1994, his goal was to make classic diner dishes with a contemporary twist. The menu includes lamb burger with tomato relish, chicken wings with hoisin sauce, gnocchi with oyster mushrooms and fish cakes, which Guy thought were ''beyond'' tender.Special Dishes: Lamb Burger, Chicken Wings, Gnocchi, Fish Cakes

Wienery
414 Cedar Ave. S., Minneapolis, MN 55467
xpect to find any shredders, slicers or food processors at the Wienery in Minneapolis — chef and owner Pat Starr hand-cuts everything by himself, even the fries. Guy gave his thumbs-up to the Italian Combo, which includes Italian sausage, roast beef, cheese and habanero peppers.Special Dishes: Vienna Beef Hot Dogs, Philly Cheesesteaks, Italian Combo

Psycho Suzie's Motor Lounge
1900 Marshall St NE, Minneapolis, MN 55418
name suggests, Psycho Suzi's Motor Lounge doesn't play by the rules — and that wasn't a problem for Guy. The food was right up his alley, with beer-battered asparagus and fried cheese curds (and fried mini wieners and Snickers too). But the fried Mini Mex Rolls? Two words: "crazy tasty."Special Dishes: Mini Mex Rolls

Colossal Cafe
1839 E 42nd St, Minneapolis, MN 55407
et the small 500-square-foot space fool you: They're not skimping on ingredients at the Colossal Cafe. Try their Apple, Walnuts & Brie pancakes or go with the best-selling meatloaf sandwich topped with citrus-infused cranberry compote and served on fresh bread that is baked daily.Special Dishes: Meatloaf Sandwich

Nye's Polonaise Room
112 E Hennepin Ave, Minneapolis, MN 55414
ka music, Polish party atmosphere and great-tasting food make this establishment a local favorite. Guy thought that the fried potato and cheese pierogi were delicious and he loved the savory and fatty prime rib sandwich. After dinner, don't be afraid to break out some of your polka moves.Special Dishes: Prime Rib Sandwich

Marla's Caribbean Cuisine
3761 Bloomington Ave S, Minneapolis, MN 55407
rla, a native Trinidadian, is bringing a new kind of spice to the Twin Cities. Guy could not believe that the delicious Dhalpourie, made with curried chickpeas and potatoes, was vegan. The oxtail with red beans and rice had a sweet and savory flavor that Guy could not resist devouring.Special Dishes: Dhalpourie, Oxtail with Red Beans

Smack Shack at The 1029 Bar
1029 Marshall St NE, Minneapolis, MN 55413
od truck is parked in a bar so you can order quality food and kick back with a cold one. The slow-cooked lamb sandwich with harissa and saffron aioli and dipped in a savory au jus blew Guy away. Guy also enjoyed the creamy lobster mac 'n' cheese topped with sweet corn and crunchy panko.Special Dishes: Slow-Cooked Lamb Sandwich, Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese

Donatelli's
2692 E County Road E, White Bear Lake, MN 55110
Italian comfort-food dive they're making everything from meatballs to pizza and eight different types of pasta. Guy was enthusiastic about the fresh mostaccioli and special red sauce and he loved the Heart Stopper pizza loaded with sausage, hamburger, pepperoni, ham, bacon and cheese.Special Dishes: Meat Sauce, Southwest Chicken Turnover, Baked Mostaccoli with Pink Sauce

Gordy's Hi-Hat
415 Sunnyside Dr, Cloquet, MN 55720
eagerly await the reopening of Gordy’s Hi-Hat every spring, as this seasonal joint slings old-school favorites like a double cheeseburger that’s built right on the flat top. The patties are seasoned with salt and pepper, grilled and then topped with onions, cheese and pickles. “When you think about the all-American drive-in, that’s the kind of burger they’re talking about,” Guy declared.Special Dishes: Double Cheeseburger, Gordy's Fresh Homemade Chili, Onion Rings

At Sara's Table Chester Creek Cafe
1902 E 8th St, Duluth, MN 55812
redients at this farm-to-table restaurant are sourced locally. Try the harvested cranberry wild rice bread in the French toast. You’ll find all the American classics and pop culture favorites, such as Korean-style barbecue ribs, pizza and Baja fish tacos, plus a gluten-free selection.Special Dishes: Brisket Sandwich, Fruit Pies

Dari-Ette Drive-In
1440 E Minnehaha Ave, St. Paul, MN 55106
ic Italian food at a drive-in restaurant is a rarity, but that's exactly what Angela Fida and her family have been doing at Dari-Ette Drive-In for more than 50 years. Angela cooks up fried sausage, meatballs and spaghetti with a sauce that's so secret she won't even tell Guy what's in it.Special Dishes: Fried Sausage, Spaghetti with Meatballs, Italiano, Mac Daddy Meatball Sandwich, Homemade Fried Chicken

Bayport BBQ
328 5th Ave N, Bayport, MN 55003
to of this small-town barbecue joint is “we aren’t for everyone,” but Guy certainly liked what he found at this family-run joint. “I give you all the props for doing it your way,” said Guy, after tucking into white oak-smoked brisket topped with coleslaw and bread-and-butter pickles, all piled on a freshly baked hunk of bread.Special Dishes: Brisket Sandwich

Q fanatic BBQ
180 Miller Rd, Champlin, MN 55316
ic BBQ boasts a long line of delicious, smoky briskets, but it also has eight homemade sauces, four being an ode to Kansas City-style barbecue. The most popular sauce will also give you a caffeine boost, as Guy discovered the Espresso BBQ sauce mixes in an unusually large shot of espresso.Special Dishes: Espresso BBQ Sauce

Pak's Green Corner
4131 Grand Ave, Duluth, MN 55807
reen Corner serves Thai-native Pak’s version of good, comforting food. Guy loves the creativity behind the pad thai burrito. Another diner favorite is the tender, succulent lamb curry, with zucchini, carrots and potatoes, topped with sour cream and served with basmati rice.Special Dishes: Lamb Curry, Pad Thai Burrito

Northern Waters Smokehaus
394 S Lake Ave #106, Duluth, MN 55802
Smoked-fish fanatics will get a mouthful at Northern Waters Smokehaus, where they're smoking everything from salmon to lamb and even curing their own salumi. But Guy had to stop by for their bison pastrami, Pastrami Mommy sandwich and whitefish basket — a quintessential Lake Superior dish.Special Dishes: Smoked Fish, Deli Meats, Sausage, Sandwiches

The Blue Door Pub
1811 Selby Ave, St. Paul, MN 55104
he Blue Door Pub to find out why Guy said, "I'd like to float on that burger to Flavortown!" Try the signature stuffed burger made with blue cheese and garlic, known as the Blucy, or go bold and sample more-unusual offerings, like the burger topped with red currant jelly.Special Dishes: Blucy

Duluth Grill
118 S 27th Ave W, Duluth, MN 55806
it's the homemade comfort food like pies, pasties or pot roast (made with bison, of course) or the commitment to doing strange things like raising bees on the roof, Duluth Grill makes you take notice. Guy loves their banana cream pie, a not-too-sweet, flaky concoction presented beautifully.Special Dishes: Banana Cream Pie, Pot Roast

Gannucci's Italian Market
301 N Central Ave, Duluth, MN 55807
n of Italian markets, Guy had to sample the homemade dishes at Gannucci’s. He can’t get enough of the “thick and dense” lasagna, made with ground Italian sausage and homemade marinara. For diners who love Italian cold cuts, Guy recommends the muffuletta with a “righteous” dipping sauce.Special Dishes: Muffuletta, Lasagna


Mississippi

Louie & the Redhead Lady
136 Blaize Ave, Bay St. Louis, MS 39520
Louisiana fare is a staple at this family owned and operated diner. The oysters a la Louisiana were "super fresh" according to Guy. The delicate texture of the shrimp and fried green tomatoes with aioli was also appreciated. For a hearty breakfast, try the grits and veal grillades.Special Dishes: Oysters a la Louisiana, Shrimp and Fried Green Tomatoes, Grits and Grillades (Grits and Veal Patty)

Darwell's Cafe
127 E. First St., Long Beach, MS 39560
Darwell Yaeger III may have been introduced to the restaurant industry by his father, but the famed shrimp Creole at Darwell's Cafe in Long Beach, Miss., is his own recipe. Much to the surprise of Guy, he serves his Creole with basmati rice, giving a traditional Southern dish a little Indian flavor.Special Dishes: Shrimp Creole, Crawfish Etouffee

Blow Fly Inn
1201 Washington Ave, Gulfport, MS 39507
Every dish at Blow Fly Inn is topped with a fly. Don't be alarmed, as the fly is tiny, plastic and has become a signature garnish at the Blow Fly Inn. When Guy swung by, he looked past the fly and dove right into the bayou classics, including smoked sausage and Blow Fly's gumbo made with okra.Special Dishes: Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, 6 oz Hamburger Steak, Gumbo

The Shed Barbecue & Blues Joint
7501 Hwy 57, Ocean Springs, MS 39565
Down by the Mississippi you'll find a sizable "shed" that houses a loyal community of barbecue lovers and live blues music. The house specialty is baby back ribs, which Guy calls "as tender as you can get." They also serve up some righteous chicken "wangs" and brisket in massive quantities.Special Dishes: Baby Back Ribs, Brisket

Memphis Barbecue Co.
709 Desoto Cove, Horn Lake, MS 38637
ter Melissa Cookston is the only female to be a world BBQ champion. Guy got messy with the deliciously tender baby back ribs and he loved the crunch burger with pork rinds and juke sauce. The cheese fritters, pulled pork and brisket are local favorites.Special Dishes: Baby Back Ribs, Pork Rinds, Cheese Fritters

Memphis Street Cafe
2476 Memphis St, Hernando, MS 38632
underground cafe, scratch-made Southern food is prepared fresh daily. Guy recommends the banana bread French toast smothered with caramelized bananas spiked with cognac and topped off with two scoops of vanilla-bean-and-fresh-ginger ice cream. The shrimp with grits is a local favorite.Special Dishes: Banana Bread French Toast, Shrimp with Grits


Missouri

Klubb Krokstrom
3601 Broadway Blvd, Kansas City, MO 64111
This modern Scandinavian eatery is bringing one of a kind dishes to the Midwest, like their savory take on strudel. Instead of a sweet filling, they stuff the typical puff pastry with a mix of roasted mushrooms and goat cheese before baking. The crispy pastry is then served over a cream made with aquavit, a Scandinavian spirit similar to gin, and is drizzled with a mulled wine sauce. One bite of the dish immediately reminded Guy of food he had as a student traveling in Norway: “The concentration of flavors is through the roof,” he said.Special Dishes: Mushroom Strudel, Flying Jacob

Banksia Bakehouse
109 W. 9th St, Kansas City, MO 64105
After retiring from his longtime job in the pharmaceutical industry, chef-owner Rob Joseph decided to bring authentic dishes from Australia to the Midwest with this creative bakery. His most unique item is the Pork and Fennel Sausage Roll: pastry dough that’s layered with butter, folded 1,000 times and wrapped around a tender house-made sausage. Guy had never tasted anything like it: “That is its own entity, and it is dynamite,” he said.Special Dishes: Pork and Fennel Sausage Roll, Meat Pie with Cheesy Potato Topping

Kansas City Taco Company
520 Walnut St, Kansas City, MO 64106
You’ll find more than traditional Mexican food at this inventive taco joint. At Kansas City Taco Company, Arthur Leduc packs all kinds of funky regional and international flavors into tortillas. A local favorite is the Cowboy Burrito, which highlights the classic flavors of Kansas City. To make it, a flour tortilla is packed with pulled pork and hot chorizo and then deep fried. It's then slathered with a gooey, house-made queso blanco and served with rice and spicy pinto beans. “You know what that’s lacking?” Guy asked after a bite. “Nothing!”Special Dishes: Cowboy Burrito, Korean Pork Tacos

Smokin' Guns BBQ
1218 Swift Ave, North Kansas City, MO 64116
ot in the know might drive right by Smokin' Guns BBQ in North Kansas City's industrial district, but they would miss what Guy calls "one killer brisket." Helmed by Phil Hopkins and his wife, Linda, the eatery boasts "competition-worthy" 'cue that has earned more than 400 awards to date.Special Dishes: Smoked Brisket Sandwich, Burnt Ends, Ribs

Sweetie Pie's
4270 Manchester Ave, St. Louis, MO 63110
ss Robbie Montgomery, an ex-background singer for Ike and Tina Turner, hung up her microphone she decided to pick up a spoon and start cooking the soul food recipes her mother taught her as a girl. Guy loves her mac 'n' cheese, not to mention the sass she serves along with it.Special Dishes: Mac 'n' Cheese, Smothered Pork, Okra, Mashed Potatoes, Sweet Potatoes, Rice and Gravy, Cabbage and Greens

Extra Virgin
1900 Main St., Kansas City, MO 64108
Curtis Stone has eaten every nightcrawler imaginable but Extra Virgin's high-end duck tongue tacos were a first. The tongues, marinated in spicy achiote paste and grilled with duck neck, truly exemplify Extra Virgin's unique take on exotic cuisine. Up next: how about beef tongue ravioli?Special Dishes: Duck Tongue Tacos, Braised Pork Jowl

Iron Barley
3367 High Ridge Blvd, High Ridge, MO 63049
Iron Barley may be a tavern but Guy discovered "spectacular" food within. Iron Barley calls its cuisine "traditional yet unusual," as the menu features Zarzuela, a Spanish seafood stew, next to a Ballistic Elvis sandwich made of peanut butter, banana, American cheese and strawberry preserves.Special Dishes: German Spaetzle, Zarzuela, Ballistic Elvis Sandwich

PotPie
904 Westport Rd, Kansas City, MO 64111
ie, a menu of simple, refined dishes draws the crowds. Here, pot pie gets the French treatment, resulting in a mouthwatering dish made of fresh chicken, veggie-laden broth and puff pastry. Guy can’t get enough of this Frenchified comfort-food staple, which he calls “creamy” and “delicious.”Special Dishes: Chicken Pot Pie

Blue Koi
1803 W 39th St, Kansas City, MO 64111
At Blue Koi, two sisters cook up traditional Chinese dishes with some tasty twists. Guy devours an entire dish of the chili pepper wontons filled with a mouthwatering mixture of shrimp, pork and chicken and topped with chili sauce. Want even more heat? Add the firebird chicken noodles to your meal.Special Dishes: Chili Pepper Wontons, Firebird Chicken

Succotash
2601 Holmes St, Kansas City, MO 64108
Succotash's eclectic vibe can be seen in everything from the eight-layer citrus cake with teal frosting to their artistic, kitschy decor. For breakfast, locals love the pork hash with sides of black beans and potatoes. Guy says of this spicy plate, "Holy hash, Batman."Special Dishes: Eight-Layer Citrus Cake

BB's Lawnside BBQ
1205 E 85th St., Kansas City, MO 64131
Lawnside BBQ, it's one juicy Kansas City-style barbecue plate after another. Lawnside still uses the original 1950s smoker for their burnt ends and hickory-smoked pork spareribs. For a real treat, try the BBQ Sundae, a three-layered Mason jar of pit beans, coleslaw and pulled pork.Special Dishes: BBQ Sundae

Danny Edward's BBQ
2900 SW Blvd, Kansas City, MO 64108
ot's famous for its beef brisket, especially the burnt ends sandwich. Called "Ol' Smoky," the beefy bomb features the flavorful edges of the brisket, slow-smoked with hickory. They also offer beef, turkey and pork by the pound and a three-meat special for those on a carnivorous streak.Special Dishes: Burnt Ends, Beef Brisket

YJ's Snack Bar
128 W. 18th St., Kansas City, MO 64108
is world travels as inspiration, David Ford opened YJ's Snackbar as a way to pay homage to his favorite worldly dishes. Guy devoured each culinary adventure, from the North African lamb kebabs to the Turkish stuffed figs. Here, every dish is different and so is each day's menu.Special Dishes: Chorizo, Meatloaf Sandwich, Mayan Tostadas

The Brick
1727 McGee St, Kansas City, MO 64108
What else can you ask for besides a music venue with homemade food? Guy says "they don't skimp on the goodness at this pub-grub joint," and would you want them to? This is where you want to go to hear music, have a meatloaf sandwich and have a good night.Special Dishes: Bacon-Wrapped and Beer-Battered Deep-Fried Hot Dog, Meatloaf Sandwich

Swagger Fine Spirits & Food
8431 Wornall Rd, Kansas City, MO 64114
case of Derek Boone and Dustin Craighead, ignorance was bliss when they first chose to open Swagger Fine Spirits & Food. Neither had any restaurant experience but Guy couldn't tell. Their monstrous Suribachi Burger redefines burgers with its tempura-battered, deep-fried beef patty.Special Dishes: Flying Monkey Chili, Dead Texan and Suribachi Burgers

Happy Gillis Cafe & Hangout
549 Gillis St, Kansas City, MO 64106
r typical run-of-the-mill soup and sandwich shop, Happy Gillis Cafe is owned by a husband and wife duo known for flank steak sandwiches marinated in cola and wine. "It's so outside the box," says Guy. Locals chime in: "You can taste how much they love food here."Special Dishes: Flank Steak Sandwich Marinated in Red Wine and Cola, Posole Verde

Cupini's
1809 Westport Rd, Kansas City, MO 64111
e cannoli to the gnocchi, everything from Cupini's comes out fresh. As Guy learned on DDD, even the pasta sheets are made in-house for the signature six-layer lasagna topped with a hearty marina sauce and fresh mozzarella. Guy’s reaction? "This is everything that you want in lasagna."Special Dishes: Gnocchi, Ravioli, Lasagna

The Shaved Duck
2900 Virginia Ave, St. Louis, MO 63118
ocery store turned restaurant was founded on "barbecue, folk and soul." Guy got extra messy as he dug into the cheese fries piled high with smoked pork butt and rib meat. Topped with cherry juniper jam, the smoked duck was so good with its crispy skin that Guy devoured it.Special Dishes: Cheese Fries, Smoked Duck

Grinders
417 E 18th St, Kansas City, MO 64108
r-turned-pizza-slinger Stretch has brought his creative touch to Grinder’s. Hand-welded Army helmet lamps hang above the bar, which features a draft-beer tower made from an oxygen tank. As for the pizza menu, Stretch churns out creative pies like the Bengal Tiger, which is slicked with pesto sauce and studded with tandoori chicken, crabmeat and hearts of palm. “Funkalicious,” Guy declared.Special Dishes: Bengal Tiger Pizza, Famous Chili Bomb Pie

Mama's 39th Street
3906 Waddell St., Kansas City, MO 64111
ri visits one of America's greatest breakfast joints, Mama's 39th Street, in Kansas City, MO, for some outrageous homemade hash and 60 different omelets on Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.

Espino's Mexican Bar and Grill
17409 Chesterfield Airport Rd, Chesterfield, MO 63005
Locals love coming to this dive for Chef Espino's authentic Mexican family recipes packed full of flavor. The pork chili verde with yellow rice and refried beans Guy called "off the hook" and thought it had the perfect amount of spice. Diners also like to order the ribs and the mole.Special Dishes: Pork Chili Verde, Ribs, Mole

Dressel's Public House
419 N Euclid Ave, St. Louis, MO 63108
slow-food dive the food is scratch-made with a farm-to-table attitude. According to Guy, the porchetta "Louie" with provel, rapini and pepperoncini on a toasted baguette was nothing short of "spectacular." The salt, the crust and the chew was why Guy loved the pretzel with rarebit sauce.Special Dishes: Porchetta "Louie," Pretzel

Anthonino's Taverna
2225 Macklind Ave, St. Louis, MO 63110
brothers who run this dive are both Greek and Italian so naturally they're serving Greek and Italian comfort food with a St. Louis spin. The toasted raviolis served with homemade marinara dipping sauce and topped with Romano cheese impressed Guy. Feeling Greek? Try the chicken slovakia.Special Dishes: Toaster Raviolis, Chicken Slovakia

Guerrilla Street Food
Roaming Food Truck, St. Louis, MO 63110
ian Hardesty and co-owner Joel Crespo are crankin' out Filipino street food. On a hot summer day, Guy enjoys the blue crab ceviche and an order of pancit made with fresh noodles. To finish off your meal, order the One Inch Punch with black currant juice, pineapple juice, coconut milk and mint.Special Dishes: Blue Crab Ceviche, Pancit, One Inch Punch

The Highway 61 Roadhouse and Kitchen
34 S Old Orchard Ave, Webster Groves, MO 63119
Highway 61 is a stretch of road known as "The Blues Highway," connecting St. Louis to New Orleans. The Roadhouse celebrates all the great food in this region, from Midwestern comfort food to barbecue and all the way down to Cajun and Creole. Guy tried the BBQ Spaghetti (yes, you read that right).Special Dishes: BBQ Spaghetti


Nebraska

California Tacos
3235 California Street, Omaha, NE 68131
Owner Brad Bogard's signature dishes and cooking Mexican his way keeps regulars coming back for heavy hitters like the puffy shelled taco called the California Taco. Try the Chicken Enchilada, made with tortillas dipped in sauce before being pan-fried, delivering a burst of flavors with every bite.Special Dishes: California Taco, Deep Fried Tacos

Brewburger's
4629 South 108th Street, Omaha, NE 68127
oving to Omaha, Neb., Canadian native Yves Menard decided to bring the smoked brisket sandwich there, which Guy thought was ''dynamite.'' Of course, the place wouldn't be called Brewburger's without burgers like the Cheesy Sacramento, which Yves was inspired to make after watching Triple D.Special Dishes: Old Fashioned Brisket Sandwich, The Maverick Burger, Cheesy Sacramento Burger

Joe Tess Place
5424 S 24th St, Omaha, NE 68102
967, Joe Tess has been home to the famous fried carp sandwich. The carp is brought in fresh each day from all over the Midwest and is used for more than just frying. Guy and the Triple D crew sampled everything from carp chowder to pickled carp and the carp combo dinner.Special Dishes: Fried Carp Sandwich, Fisherman's Chowder, Catfish Fingers

Big Mama's Kitchen & Catering
3223 North 45th Street, Turning Point Campus Bldg A, Omaha, NE 68104
What better place to have old-school comfort food than in a former school building? Patricia Barron of Big Mama's Kitchen serves up her grandma's fried chicken, spicy Afro Burgers and pig ears at this Omaha, Neb., staple. While initially skeptical, Guy quickly became a fan of the Pig Ear Sandwich.Special Dishes: Big Mama's Kitchen Oven Fried Chicken, Afro Burger, Pig Ear Sandwich

Amato's Restaurant
6405 Center St, Omaha, NE 68016
Sammy Amato has been making his family's Italian sausage recipe since he was a child, and soon went from a small fair stand to a full-fledged restaurant of his own in Omaha. Guy recommends the chicken fried steak and the ricotta-stuffed pancakes, complete with homemade ricotta cheese.Special Dishes: Italian Sausage, Chicken Fried Steak, Ricotta-Stuffed Pancake


Nevada

Carolina Kitchen & BBQ Co.
950 Glendale Ave., Sparks, NV 89431
After a career working as a chef in fine restaurants on the East Coast, owner Clay Cobb moved back home to Nevada to get back to his roots and open this barbecue joint with his mom. Guy was blown away by the smoked brisket, which is slathered in a house-made moonshine barbecue sauce and served with collard greens, cornbread and beans. "This is the best brisket I've seen outside of Texas," Guy said. "It's real deal."Special Dishes: Smoked Brisket, Smoked Wing Nachos

Four Kegs Sports Pub
276 N Jones Blvd, Las Vegas 89107
One of Guy’s favorite hangouts in college was the Four Kegs Sports Pub in Las Vegas, and to this day he swears they make the best stromboli he's ever had. Owner Mario Perkins makes sure to keep a thin delicate crust on all of the stromboli he makes, and it's just as good as Guy remembers it.Special Dishes: Pizza, Stromoboli, Cocktails

UNLV
4505 S Maryland Pkwy, Las Vegas, NV 89154
University of Nevada Las Vegas, Guy's alma mater, the culinary school is running both the back and the front of the University restaurant, UNLV Dining, and creating culinary delights. Guy liked the Thai shrimp on sticky rice and slaw. The menu rotates so come visit and try something new.Special Dishes: Thai Shrimp

Yayo Taco
4632 S Maryland Pkwy, Las Vegas, NV 89119
o Yiu has combined flavors from around the world to create his fusion tacos. The pollo taco with chicken in adobo mole sauce wowed Guy with its richness, depth and complexity. The Shanghai taco with wasabi seared steak and Chinese preserved black bean salsa Guy called "crazy but awesome."Special Dishes: Pollo Taco, Shanghai Taco

Guy Fieri's Kitchen and Bar
The Linq Hotel &amp; Casino, 3535 Las Vegas Blvd S, Las Vegas, NV 89109
ultimate in comfort food indulgence, order the Bacon Mac 'n' Cheese Burger at Guy’s joint in Las Vegas. This monster of a between-the-bun meal features a beef patty topped with a scoop of macaroni and cheese, a blanket of a cheese slice, strips of smoky bacon and Guy’s mayo-based sauce.Special Dishes: Bacon Mac 'n' Cheese Burger

Noble Pie Parlor
777 S Center St #100, Reno, NV 89501
Chef and co-owner Ryan Goldhammer's specialty pies are a must-try, but don’t miss the award-winning wings either! The wings are double-fried and coated in their specialty wing sauce before they’re tossed with Parmesan, garlic and scallions, and served with house-made ranch. “If you want a wing that has more flavor in one than most do in a dozen wings, this is the wing to have,” Guy said.Special Dishes: T-Pane Pizza, Wings

Dish Cafe & Catering
855 Mill St, Reno, NV 89502
s love waking up with DISH Cafe for the coffee and the homemade granola. And even though the kitchen's small — a whopping 84 square feet — Guy says they're still all about local, seasonal cooking, like the "woop-woop" tri-tip Cowgirl Panini "done right" with caramelized onions.Special Dishes: Granola, Cowgirl Tri-Tip Panini

Crepe Expectations
9500 S Eastern Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89123
-the-top Sin City, even the classic crepe gets revamped in outrageous new ways, as Guy learned during a visit to this Las Vegas restaurant. “That citrus and the carne asada is fantastic,” he said of the Sonora crepe, which comes stuffed with teres major steak that’s cooked down with orange, lemon and carne asada seasoning. Cheese, guacamole and fire-roasted salsa complete the creation.Special Dishes: The Sonora Crepe, The William Tell Crepe

Yosh's Unique Deli
85 Foothill Rd #4, Reno, NV 89511
Chef-owner Josh Codding was born into a family of deli owners, so after spending six years as a professional firefighter he decided to take his own shot at the family business with this creative sandwich spot. If you’re in the mood for comfort food, opt for the meatloaf sandwich: tender slices of house-made meatloaf are layered on bread with gravy, caramelized onions, mashed potatoes and melted provolone cheese.Special Dishes: Pork Belly Bahn Mi, Meatloaf Sandwich

Naked City Pizza
3240 S Arville St, Las Vegas, NV 89102
away in a bar, this pizza place is serving up gourmet pies in a non-gourmet situation. Guy liked the rich and creamy Sicilian topped with meatballs, white garlic sauce, spinach, mozzarella and ricotta. Crave spicy? Try the Suicide Fries served with a medley of peppers for an awesome kick.Special Dishes: Guinea Pie, Suicide Fries

The Coffee Cup Cafe
512 Nevada Way, Boulder City, NV 89005
From peanut butter pancakes to huevos rancheros, this roadside diner makes dishes fresh to order under a "world famous" tagline. The eatery is easy to miss, and when Guy stopped by on Triple D, he regretted his earlier drive-bys. The Pork Chili Verde omelet was nothing short of "the bomb."Special Dishes: Peanut Butter Pancakes, Pork Chili Verde Omelet, Coffee, Burgers

Fat Choy Restaurant
595 E Sahara Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89104
eridan Su’s gamble of opening a food truck in Las Vegas in 2011 paid off big, as the crowds kept coming back for more of his Asian-American dishes. The popularity grew to the point where Chef Su now owns a restaurant, where he’s dishing up a Pork Belly Bao that Guy just had to try. The bao (or steamed bun) comes loaded with marinated pork belly, sauteed mustard greens, crushed peanuts and cilantro.Special Dishes: Pork Belly Bao, Short-Rib Grilled Cheese

Gold 'N Silver Inn
790 W 4th St, Reno, NV 89503
e than 56 years the Gold 'N Silver Inn has been serving up delicious all-American classics with a twist. The lemonade pork chops Guy called "flavor city," while the tri-tip sandwich drenched in mahogany sauce, made with ketchup and grape jelly, had him coming back for more.Special Dishes: Beef Burgers, Baked Lemonade Pork Chops

Lola's - A Louisiana Kitchen
241 W Charleston Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89102
a New Orleans style restaurant, has brought the Big Easy to Sin City. Guy says the roast beef po' boy with gravy is "on point." The crawfish, according to Guy, is "tender, sweet and out of bounds." Locals recommend the seafood gumbo, shrimp and grits and oysters.Special Dishes: Roast Beef Po' Boy, Crawfish, Seafood Gumbo

Osaka Japanese Bistro
4205 West Sahara Ave, Las Vegas, NV 89102
k a detour off the Las Vegas Strip to dig into top-rated sushi at Osaka Japanese Bistro, which has been serving its addictive rolls since 1967. “It’s dynamite,” said Guy of the Roppongi Roll, which features spicy tuna atop a layer of shrimp. The combo comes enveloped in a seaweed sheet that’s coated with rice, then topped with tuna, smelt eggs, green onions and a mix of sweet and spicy sauces.Special Dishes: Roppongi Roll, Nabeyaki Udon

Forte European Tapas Bar and Bistro
4180 S Rainbow Blvd, Las Vegas 89103
While still in college, Chef Nina Manchev opened her Bulgarian restaurant at the age of 23. The mixed grill plate with three different types of Bulgarian sausage captured Guy's heart. Topped with dry cured Bulgarian charcuterie, the Thracian Clay Pot was another one of Guy's favorites.Special Dishes: Mixed Grill Plate, Thracian Clay Pot

Louis' Basque Corner
301 E 4th St, Reno, NV 89512
967, Louis Basque Corner has been treating Renoites to the traditional cuisine of the Basque region. Everything from oxtail stew to sweetbreads had Guy’s attention. But for the ultimate dish, rabbit stew, Guy asked, "are you kidding me?" In other words, he absolutely loved it.Special Dishes: Oxtail Bourguignon, Hunter's Rabbit

John Mull's Meats and Road Kill Grill
3730 Thom Blvd., Las Vegas, NV 89130
e master Chuck Frommer has the best barbecue in Vegas and the locals know it. Guy fell in love with the hot links, which are cured for 16 hours and smoked for six, and savored the flavorful ribs. The pulled pork and mac 'n' cheese are also popular.Special Dishes: Hot Link Sausage, Ribs, Pulled Pork, Mac 'n' Cheese

Those Guys Pies
2916 Lake East Dr, Las Vegas, NV 89117
Jersey transplants serve classic New York pizzas and creatively topped options like a Cheesesteak Pie and the Maui Wowie, with barbecue sauce, bacon, pineapple and pickled jalapenos.Special Dishes: Maui Wowie, Cheesesteak Pie

Bachi Burger
470 E Windmill Ln, Las Vegas, NV 89123
s Vegas burger joint is serving big American burgers with an Asian twist. Guy visited Bachi for its oxtail chili cheese fries and its signature Bachi Burger made with beef, pork and shrimp. Its unique flavor combos blew Guy away on Triple D, with him quipping: "This is BurgerBomb.com."Special Dishes: Bachi Burger, The Banh-Mi Burger

Washoe Public House
275 Hill St, Reno, NV 89501
The food revolution is alive and well in Reno at this one-of a kind spot serving creative dishes like Double Elk Chops with luxardo cherry demi-glace and Wild Boar Schnitzel with house-made rye spatzle and pickled mushrooms. Guy was floored by the schnitzel, “Wow. Please tell me this is on the menu forever.”Special Dishes: Double Elk Chop, Wild Boar Schnitzel


New-hampshire

45 Market Street Bakery and Cafe
45 Market St, Somersworth, NH 03878
crowd into this vibrant cafe for the baked goods and fresh sandwiches turned out by co-owners Celeste Gingras and Cheryl Arsenault. A standout is the turkey meatloaf sandwich held together by two hefty slices of anadama bread baked right on the premises. This homemade creation comes crammed with slabs of turkey meatloaf blanketed in melted provolone cheese and topped with a housemade barbecue sauce. “It’s sturdy as I get dirty,” Guy declared after biting into the massive sandwich.Special Dishes: Turkey Meatloaf Sandwich, Haddock Sandwich

Vida Cantina
2456 Lafayette Rd, Portsmouth, NH 03801
rmer fast-food joint dances with vibrant colors and serves bright, beautiful dishes to match. Chef-Owner David Vargas channels the traditional tastes of Mexico, but delivers them in slightly tweaked formats. His pork belly tacos are a popular pick. Housemade tortillas are layered with jicama slaw and crisp slabs of spice-laden pork belly, then topped with mango salsa, Cotija cheese and a flurry of fresh flower petals.Special Dishes: Pork Belly Tacos, Pig Head Platter

Tuckaway Tavern & Butchery
58 NH-27, Raymond, NH 03077
The Tuckaway Tavern draws a steady stream of diners, thanks to a stellar menu dreamed up by Chef Bobby Marcotte. He sources many of his ingredients straight from the adjacent butcher shop, which features a dizzying array of housemade sausages, marinated meats and more. Standout menu items include the Chili & Cheese Corn Holes. For this dish, Chef Marcotte reinterprets classic corn dogs as bite-size spheres of house-ground meat doused with spices, studded with melty cheese and covered in a golden crust.Special Dishes: Chili & Cheese Corn Holes, Whole Tuckin' Farm Burger

The Kitchen
171 Islington St, Portsmouth, NH 03801
ot takes its inspiration from New York-style delis, which means the menu is rife with hefty sandwiches, as expected. So Guy was surprised to discover St. Louis-style spare ribs, which are The Kitchen's sleeper hit. The pork is soaked in a red wine vinegar brine studded with star anise, juniper berries and red pepper flakes, then hit with a smoked paprika rub. The ribs are grilled until beautifully caramelized and come drenched in an agrodolce sauce that adds both sweetness and spice.Special Dishes: Ribs, Apu Burger

Moxy
106 Penhallow St, Portsmouth, NH 03801
Moxy is more than just the name of this spot — it also defines the attitude of Chef-Owner Matt Louis. He embraces the notion of risk with his clever dishes that challenge long-held traditions of the New England culinary canon. Take his New England Dinner 2.0, for instance. Hefty slices of corned beef brisket are served with pickled vegetables (which lend a modern touch to the dish) and fresh cabbage leaves, so each diner can create individual lettuce wraps from the components on his or her plate.Special Dishes: New England Dinner 2.0, Goat Stroganoff

Street Food 360
801 Islington St, Portsmouth, NH 03801
band-and-wife duo behind Street Food 360 share tastes of their world travels with fresh spins on global favorites. For instance, their version of Mexico’s cemita sandwich substitutes a seafood patty for the standard meat fillings. Pollock fish pulled from local waters is combined with shrimp, scallops, shallots and a mix of spices to make the fried patty. It’s placed on a sesame bun, then topped with a hefty slice of griddled cheese, pickled red onions, cilantro and housemade chipotle mayo.Special Dishes: Seamita Sandwich, Lamb Shawarma

Red Arrow Diner
61 Lowell St., Manchester, NH 03101
922, Red Arrow Diner has kept open 24 hours a day (except for the 16 hours over Christmas) to serve nearly 500,000 breakfasts a year. On Triple D, Guy took his place in line to sample their iconic dishes: Fried French Toast, American Chop Suey, and their handmade twinkies, Dinah Fingers.Special Dishes: Fried French Toast, American Chop Suey (Macaroni, Beef, Tomato), Pork Pie


New-jersey

Dolce & Clemente’s
2 N Commerce Square, #101, Robbinsville, NJ 08691
dazzled by the immense selection at this old-school Italian deli, which turns out dozens of fresh items daily. One popular pick is the prosciutto bread, which comes stuffed with provolone cheese and a medley of Italian meats. “The depth of flavor in this is massive,” Guy declared. He also raved about the Boss of the Sauce, a meaty dish composed of beef braciole, pork braciole, sausages and meatballs served in a hearty homemade sauce that’s ladled over a mound of pasta.Special Dishes: Prosciutto Bread, Boss of the Sauce

Jersey Girl Café
731 Rte 33, Hamilton Township, NJ 08619
computer programmer Kathy Rana left the tech world behind to open this cafe, where she now spends her days churning out comforting dishes and creative sandwiches. One filling favorite is the Kogi Steak. Rana douses thin slices of top round beef with a housemade Bulgogi marinade, then piles the meat onto a torpedo roll along with crisp lettuce, Jersey ripe tomatoes and spicy pickles. “That thin-sliced meat is just so nice and light and tender,” Guy declared after biting into the sandwich.Special Dishes: Kogi Steak Sandwich, Rosie Sandwich

Jammin' Crepes
20 Nassau St, Princeton, NJ 08542
name suggests, this spot churns out a dizzying array of crepes, with options that include meat and fruit fillings. A popular pick is the Jammin’ Turkey Club, a sturdy and crisp crepe that’s slathered with housemade peach chutney and stuffed with roasted turkey breast, mozzarella cheese, applewood-smoked bacon slices and mixed greens. Horseradish aioli finishes the creation. “You haven’t missed a beat in this,” Guy declared when he stopped by with Rev Run (aka Joseph Simmons).Special Dishes: Jammin’ Turkey Club, 20-Layer Orchard Lemon Crepe Cake

Rocky Hill Inn
137 Washington St, Rocky Hill, NJ 08553
an Blomgren draws the crowds with his elevated takes on traditional bar bites served inside a beautiful, historical building. For instance, he takes that New Jersey comfort food staple known as disco fries and amps it up with the addition of pork belly. The meat is seasoned and cubed, then layered on a thatch of housemade fries, along with a heap of banana peppers, a melty blanket of fontina cheese, a flurry of scallions and a drizzle of malt vinaigrette that Guy says “turbocharges the dish.”Special Dishes: Pork Belly Disco Fries, Fried Green Tomato Burger

Vincentown Diner
2357 US-206, Vincentown, NJ 08088
ssive diner dishes up scratch-made classics made from fresh, locally sourced ingredients. The Mile High Meatloaf, for instance, features grass-fed beef from a nearby farm. Hefty slabs of beautifully caramelized meatloaf are layered with mashed potatoes, then doused with a gravy made with mirepoix, veal bone stock and prime rib. “This is tender; this is juicy,” Guy said of the dish. “Look at me — I can’t stop eating it.”Special Dishes: Mile High Meatloaf, French Toast

Bagel Street
660 Plainsboro Rd, Plainsboro Township, NJ 08536
are the name of the game at this shop, where brothers and owners Jimmy and Doug Rohr are slinging around 15,000 per week. There are 20 options available, including one fiery pick whose dough is mixed with shredded cheddar cheese and chopped jalapenos before being proofed overnight, then boiled and baked until a delectable crust forms. The brothers also serve inventive combinations that include a sliced Asiago bagel stuffed with a pork-roll-studded burger and a heap of Tater Tots.Special Dishes: Jalapeno Cheddar Bagel, Pork Roll Burger

Vagabond Kitchen & Tap House
672 N Trenton Ave, Atlantic City, NJ 08401
find far more than the usual pub grub at this tavern that was resurrected after Hurricane Sandy hit. This new incarnation offers elevated takes on classic comfort food eats like a hot turkey sandwich. Brie cheese and apples top the oven-roasted bird, which is served on cranberry-walnut toast.Special Dishes: The Three Way Sandwich, Tequila Shrimp Bangers, Turkey Apple Brie Sandwich

Sam's Rialto Bar & Grill
18 S Main St, Pleasantville, NJ 08232
head here for the scratch-made Southern eats created by Sam Hunter, whose legacy is carried on by his widow. She’s still slinging classics like Chicken ‘n Waffles: The buttermilk-marinated bird is served with a cinnamon-and-sugar-dusted homemade waffle that Guy calls “the key” to the dish.Special Dishes: Chicken ‘N Waffles, Ribs

Piccini
1260 West Ave, Ocean City, NJ 08226
Guy stops here to try a fun comfort food mash-up: bacon cheeseburger pizza. This creative pie uses ketchup and mustard in place of sauce. Guy is skeptical of the switch until he bites into a slice loaded with seasoned ground beef, melted cheddar, bacon and pickles, which he declares “nicely done.”Special Dishes: Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza, Chicken and Farfalle with Vodka Sauce

10th Avenue Burrito
801 Belmar Plaza, Belmar, NJ 07719
Drive one hour and 30 minutes from NYC to discover this funky little joint in Belmar, N.J., and sample its take on California-inspired Mexican food. Try the mac 'n' cheese and chicken wings; both have a little extra spice, compliments of adobo. For big appetites, get a burrito smothered in Chipotle Cream Sauce.Special Dishes: Adobo Wings, Burrito

Bayway Diner
2019 S Wood Ave, Linden, NJ 07036
Diner started out as a nine-seater. But after overwhelming popularity, the funky joint expanded to an outdoor seating area and now offers catering services as well. Guy loves the no-fuss dishes featured on the menu, like the master burger, the Philly cheese steak and the Buffalo chicken.Special Dishes: Joe's Famous Tri-color Pasta with Chicken, Philly Cheese Steak, Bayway Special, Bayway Monster Burger

La Isla Restaurant
104 Washington St, Hoboken, NJ 07030
uban food makes you put a smile on your face," says a diner at La Isla. It's a small place right on Washington St. in Hoboken that specializes in world-class flavors in a down-home environment. Guy stopped in and ate so much of the spicy food, his eyeballs started sweating.Special Dishes: Papa Rellena, Tasajo Con Boniato

Marie's Italian Specialties
641 Shunpike Rd, Chatham, NJ 07928
nd and wife team are serving Italian-style comfort food at this popular New Jersey spot. Guy called the Sacred Swine, a sandwich filled with pork shoulder, broccoli rabe, vodka sauce and polenta, "outstanding." The baked fried chicken with a side of mac 'n' cheese also garners rave reviews.Special Dishes: Arancini, Baked Fried Chicken, Mac 'n' Cheese, Sacred Swine

Carluccio's Coal Fired Pizza
1200 New Rd, Northfield, NJ 08225
pizza at this BYOB tastes as good as what your Italian grandmother would make, that's because the signature Grandma's Pizza is a recipe from the owner's own grandparents.Special Dishes: Grandma's Pie

The Grilled Cheese & Crab Cake Co
55 W Laurel Dr, Somers Point, NJ 08244
The name of the game here is grilled cheese and crab cakes. Try them together in the popular Crab Melt with a side of Crabby Bacon French Fries.Special Dishes: Crab Melt

The Anchorage Tavern and Restaurant
823 Bay Ave, Somers Point, NJ 08244
t off the water, this historic tavern is an ideal place for seafood, including crab-stuffed flounder, Buffalo Shrimp and Scallops Parmigiana.Special Dishes: Buffalo Crab Cakes, Flounder Gorgonzola

White Manna
358 River St, Hackensack, NJ 07601
der Burgers with Cheese and Onions served at this Hackensack fixture are a favorite of both Alex Guarnaschelli and Guy Fieri (who said he could eat “18 or 75” of them). These three-bite beauties feature griddled patties cooked with thin-sliced onions and served beneath a blanket of melty American cheese. Michael Psilakis likens these sliders to “tiny hockey pucks of joy.”Special Dishes: Slider Burgers with Cheese and Onions

Oyster Creek Inn
41 North Oyster Creek Rd., Leeds Point, NJ 08220
ter Creek Inn has an unbeatable location, set on a creek within what is now a national wildlife preserve. Accessible by car or boat, the restaurant prepares ultra-fresh seafood, including Guy's recommendations of the spicy Jersey Devil shrimp with homemade hot sauce, and the Clams Mexicali, which are stuffed with chorizo, peppers and Mexican cheese. Make sure to get a seat outside when it's warm.Special Dishes: Clams Mexicali; Jersey Devil Shrimp

Ernest and Son
3305 Brigantine Blvd., Brigantine, NJ 08203
and Son is the ideal neighborhood butcher shop. Everything is cut and made fresh here, from the sausages to the beef jerky. This butcher also makes sandwiches to order, including the Tailgater — featuring housemade sausage with grilled peppers and onions.Special Dishes: Beef Jerky; The Tailgater

George's Place
301 Beach Ave, Cape May, NJ 08204
ge's Place, you get a bit of Greek with every dish whether it's breakfast, lunch or dinner. When Guy visited on Thanksgiving, he sampled an unforgettable turkey confit and classic Greek leg of lamb.Special Dishes: Turkey Confit, Greek Leg of Lamb

Kelsey and Kim’s Southern Café
201 Melrose Ave., Atlantic City, NJ 08401
n-raised chef Kelsey Jackson serves the food he grew up on at Kelsey and Kim's in South Jersey. Winning dishes include succulent braised pork trotters and the fried turkey chop, which is smothered in gravy.Special Dishes: Turkey Chop; Pork Trotters

The Ritz Diner
72 E Mount Pleasant Ave, Livingston, NJ 07039
nce 1984, Ritz Diner is the quintessential New Jersey joint. Popular eats include the Taylor ham, egg and cheese sandwich, the steak sandwich, and the matzo ball. Guy recommends ending your meal with a slice of tasty apple pie. Any of the daily-baked desserts will make for a sweet finish.Special Dishes: Cheesecakes, Carrot Cake, Chocolate Babka, Apple Pie

Brownstone Diner & Pancake Factory
426 Jersey Ave., Jersey City, NJ 07302
On Triple D, Guy stops by The Brownstone Diner for a big bite of breakfast. Luckily, Brownstone does not disappoint, with 31 varieties of pancakes and its own take on a breakfast burrito made with a pancake for a wrap. After breakfast hours, Guy recommends the signature Greek moussaka.Special Dishes: Pancakes, Greek Moussaka

Maui's Dog House
806 New Jersey Ave, Wildwood, NJ 08260
re next time you're on the Jersey Shore and get "sarcasm with great food" served in dog bowls. Maui's is famous for their 29+ hot dog toppings, with best-sellers like the Soprano and the Cardiac. If you're early and lucky, try their potato Salty Balls before they're all sold out.Special Dishes: Salty Balls

Quahog's Seafood Shack
206 97th St, Stone Harbor, NJ 08084
og's Seafood Shack (pronounced co-HOG), you'll find clam strips and clams on the half shell but you'll also find a Triple D favorite. Guy scarfed down the glorious BBQ Pacu Pacu Fish Ribs. The Moqueca fish stew was also full of surprises, as it's made with coconut milk and edamame.Special Dishes: Pacu Pacu Fish Ribs


New-mexico

Paper Dosa
551 W Cordova Rd, Santa Fe, NM 87505
This warm spot serves up typical south Indian specialties including Masala Dosa, a large crepe filled with spiced potatoes and served with a variety of house-made chutneys. Guy was also blown away by the tender lamb curry stew. “I want to jump right in it,” he said after the first bite.Special Dishes: Lamb Curry, Masala Dosa

Rowley Farmhouse Ales
1405 Maclovia St, Santa Fe, NM 87505
Diners head to Rowley Farmhouse Ales for upscale farm-to-table comfort food paired with homemade rustic farmhouse and sour ales plus some of the best brews in the world. Their cooked-to-order new England Clam Chowder is some of the freshest you’ll ever have.Special Dishes: Chicken and Biscuit, New England Clam Chowder

The Beestro
66 E San Francisco St Suite 21, Santa Fe, NM 87501
After working in Greece for a few years, chef-owner Greg Menke decided to take what he learned about Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food back to New Mexico, and this unexpected fusion restaurant was born. Guy was blown away by the Steak Shawarma: Beef is marinated for three days in a tangy yogurt sauce before it’s grilled and stuffed in a pita with house-made hummus, cucumber salad, daikon radish sprouts, beets and their unique quinoa tabbouleh. The sandwich is finished with tahini and a New Mexican green chile sauce. “This is way more than a sandwich, it gave me goose bumps,” Guy said of the dish.Special Dishes: Steak Shawarma, Salmon Souvlaki

Joseph's Culinary Pub
428 Agua Fria St, Santa Fe, NM 87501
Head to Joseph's Culinary Pub for upscale food in a laid-back atmosphere. In addition to decadent dishes like Lamb Neck Confit, Guy was surprised by the Organic Crispy Chicken Tamale: After steaming chicken, green chile and masa in a corn husk, Chef Joseph then takes the tamale out of the husk and fries it in duck fat. Guy was impressed with the combination of flavors and textures. “This makes me wonder why I haven’t had more duck fat-fried tamales,” he said.Special Dishes: Lamb Neck Confit, Organic Crispy Chicken Tamale

Arable
7 Avenida Vista Grande, Santa Fe, NM 87508
You’d never expect to find a restaurant with such big flavors tucked inside a strip mall, but that’s exactly what this off-the-beaten-path spot is doing. Nearly everything at the restaurant is sourced locally, from the potatoes in their Bison Fries to the meat in their Lamb Sandwich. To make the sandwich, homemade bread is spread with house-made tomato aioli and olive tapenade and is topped with feta, mozzarella, roasted red peppers and tender braised lamb. Guy was impressed with the combination of flavors: “It’s really a Greek lamb dinner inside of a sandwich,” he said.Special Dishes: Bison Dirty Fries, Lamb Sandwich

Dr. Field Good's Kitchen
2860 Cerrillos Rd, Santa Fe, NM 87507
This restaurant serves unique dishes with a New Mexican flair. Hannah tries The Goat Torta which features tender, braised goat layered with habanero goat cheese, refried beans and honey habanero hot sauce.Special Dish: The Goat Torta

Golden Crown Panaderia
1103 Mountain Rd NW, Albuquerque, NM
Crown Panaderia's recipe for success began in 1972. The bakery remains a favorite for its old-fashioned baked goods, including the state cookie of New Mexico, biscochito, a crisp butter cookie. Guy sampled the Turkey Bread, a turkey-shaped honey wheat bread complete with drumsticks and wings.Special Dishes: Turkey Bread (Turkey-Shaped Bread Loaf)

Standard Diner
320 Central Ave SE, Albuquerque, NM 87102
d Diner wanted to "rethink" the diner with dishes that are anything but standard. They converted a 1930s gas station into a modern restaurant with a menu to match. Guy devoured the bacon-wrapped meatloaf with bourbon-infused butter — an "on-point" dish for sure.Special Dishes: Meatloaf Wrapped in Bacon, The Standard Burger, Green Chili Chicken Chowder

Monte Carlo Steak House
3916 Central Ave. SW, Albuquerque, NM 87105
Ever seen a first-class steakhouse behind a liquor store? At first Guy couldn't believe it either, but at the Monte Carlo Steakhouse in Albuquerque, N.M., he was impressed by owner Lou Katsaros' grilled rib eye. Monte Carlo also serves Greek specialties like pork kebabs and marinated chicken.Special Dishes: Rib Eye Steak, Greek Pork Kebab, Greek Meatballs with Spaghetti, Greek Marinated Chicken

Tune-Up Cafe
1115 Hickox St., Santa Fe, NM 87505
When husband and wife team Jesus and Charlotte Rivera opened Tune-Up Cafe, locals became instant fans of the Salvadorian pupusas and salmon eggs Benedict. The real kicker? Guy loved the chile relleno with cheese "oozing out like lava on the Flavortown volcano."Special Dishes: Banana Leaf Wrapped Tamales, Pupusas, Chile Relleno

Bert's Burger Bowl
235 N Guadalupe St., Santa Fe, NM 87501
Burger Bowl has been rocking the world famous green chili cheeseburger since 1954 and locals have been coming back for it for over forty years. The green chili Guy calls "bananas" has turned this joint into a landmark and we're not surprised. Also try the Kobe Beef, Bison, or Lamb Burger.Special Dishes: Green Chile Cheeseburgers

Bocadillos
200 Lomas Blvd NW, Ste 110, Albuquerque, NM 87102
Before Marie Yniguez makes her chipotle-infused Duke City Ruben sandwich, she feeds nearly 1,000 charter school students with fresh, scratch-made food. Guy's trip was no different, as he felt "the love" for Bocadillos and its gratifying biscuits and gravy, saying, "This isn't your grandma's gravy."Special Dishes: "Duke City Ruben" Sandwich

The Cube
1520 Central Ave SE, Albuquerque, NM 87106
losophy behind The Cube is simple: "Real food with a real smile." That includes whipping up scratch-made barbecue every day over hickory and cherry wood, served with housemade barbecue sauce and classic Texas toast. Guy loved the Guadalajara Dog fried with applewood-smoked bacon.Special Dishes: Guadalajara Dog

Nexus Brewery and Restaurant
4730 Pan American Freeway East, NE, Albuquerque, NM 87109
s Brewery and Restaurant, Guy learned about a new cuisine: New Mexican soul food. The restaurant is named after Star Trek but it's clearly a union of southern-New Mexican flavors with dishes like green-chile mac 'n' cheese, pico de gallo gumbo and Guy's pick: hot sauce chicken and waffles.Special Dishes: Southern Fried Chicken & Waffles

Back Street Bistro
513 Camino de los Marquez, Santa Fe, NM
link and you'll miss it" restaurant brings a little bit of Brooklyn to Santa Fe, N.M. With owner David Jacoby, aka the "Duke of Soup," Guy discovered the secrets to the "dynamite," award-winning Smoked Turkey Wild Rice soup. For an unforgettable finish, try the scratch-made pumpkin pie.Special Dishes: Smoked Turkey Wild Rice Soup

Jambo Cafe
2010 Cerrillos Rd., Santa Fe, NM
At Jambo Cafe, Chef Ahmed Obo brings African-Caribbean Cuisine to the Sante Fe locals. The Kenyan native uses a collection of Caribbean spices and flavors for the grilled mahi mahi platter. But as Guy learned, the goat stew is nothing short of "the real deal," with its tender goat and handmade roti. The food is so popular, Obo has opened a second location, in Albuquerque's NE Heights.Special Dishes: Caribbean Goat Stew; Banana Leaf-Wrapped Mahi Mahi

Torino's at Home
7600 Jefferson St NE, Albuquerque, NM
Daniela and Maxime Bouneou modeled Torinos' @ Home after Italy's great trattorias. Guy swung by on DDD, and he learned that the food is honest and authentic, with dishes like 
handmade squid ink pasta and tender beef cheek manicotti that's "no filler, all thriller."Special Dishes: Pollo e Carciofini, Jamie's Caprese

Tecolote Cafe
1616 St Michaels Dr, Santa Fe, NM 87505
Tecolote Cafe takes chiles seriously and guarantees theirs are straight from Santa Fe, N.M. The peppers make up the signature sauce Guy called "a hot tub in Flavortown." Here's a tip: If you want to sound like a local, order the Huevos Yucatecos "Christmas" style, with both red and green salsa.Special Dishes: Huevos Yucatecos, Blue Corn Pancakes

Harry's Roadhouse
96 B Old Las Vegas Hwy, Santa Fe, NM 87505
Roadhouse may be in Santa Fe but on Triple D, Harry tells Guy the pork butt scrapple with polenta and sage comes straight from Philadelphia. Not to worry, he still serves New Mexican favorites such as Blue Cornmeal Waffles or southwestern Migas with pickled Jalapeno and killer cinnamon rolls.Special Dishes: Brioche Stuffed with Peaches, Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, Huevos Divorciados

Cecilia's Cafe
230 Sixth St. SW, Albuquerque, NM 87102
order chicharones from Cecilia's Cafe, don't expect fried pork skins. Cecilia's chicharones are hunks of stewed pork layered inside a warm tortilla with cheese and green chile sauce. Still hungry? Try Guy's pick: sopapillas stuffed with shredded chicken and the "whole jala and peno."Special Dishes: Huevos Rancheros, Enchiladas, Breakfast Burrito

Casa Chimayo
409 West Water St., Santa Fe, NM
imayo may as well be called Casa Abuelita. As Guy discovered on DDD, it's like "walking into your grandmother's house." With its heartwarming New Mexican food (and chiles) on every inch of the menu, it's no wonder Guy said the dynamite blue corn chicken enchiladas really hit the spot.Special Dishes: Chimayo Tortilla Burger, Blue Corn Enchiladas

Back Road Pizza
1807 2nd St, Bldg #1, Santa Fe, NM 87505
n cornmeal crust sprinkled with sesame seeds is the secret to all the pies at this pizzeria. Guy, a meat lover, devoured the Texan pizza topped with sausage, green chiles, pepperoni and Canadian bacon. The homemade pesto and balsamic vinegar sent Penny's Bruschetta over the edge.Special Dishes: Texan Pizza, Penny's Buschetta

Sophia's Place
6313 4th St NW, Albuquerque, NM 87107
s describe the fare at Sophia's Place as "eclectic food with a New Mexican twist." But Guy called Chef Dennis Apodaca "Captain Electric." In his tiny kitchen, Dennis creates plates exploding with flavor, including scallop tacos and spicy duck enchiladas topped with a tomatillo sauce.Special Dishes: Duck Enchiladas

Zia Diner
326 S Guadalupe St, Santa Fe, NM 87501
lassic scratch-made diner fare with a Southwest twist at Zia's. Guy appreciated the balance between the savory salmon and the sweet caramelized shallots in the smoked salmon quesadilla. He also recommends the corned beef hash and the refreshing corn and avocado gazpacho.Special Dishes: Smoked Salmon Quesadilla, Corned Beef Hash, Corn and Avocado Gazpacho


New-york

Black Tree
131 Orchard St, New York, NY 10002
ls Black Tree “hard core” because this spot takes its farm-to-table mantra very seriously. He feasts on the Winter Pig, a cheesy pork-belly sandwich that he likens to “an enormous roast-pork dinner … in a sandwich.” Menu items change with the seasons, but all have a reputation for tastiness.Special Dishes: Winter Pig, Lamb Sandwich

Funk 'n Waffles
307 - 313 S Clinton St, Syracuse, NY 13202
Owner Adam Gold is still serving up waffles and blasting tunes just like he did at his college parties. Guy savored the "sweet and crispy" fried chicken and waffles with hot sauce syrup and devoured the stuffing waffle with smoked turkey, cranberry sauce and mashed potatoes.Special Dishes: Jive Turkey (Turkey Dinner on a Stuffing Waffle), Chicken and Waffles

Queens Comfort
4009 30th Ave, Astoria, NY 11103
D meets double D — Donnie D'Alessio, the chef at Queens Comfort. Guy raves about the Down by Law sandwich packed with thin slices of smoked chicken topped with bacon jam, cheddar, chipotle sauce and lettuce. Diners also love snacking on spicy mac-and-cheese balls, aka Atomic Fireballs.Special Dishes: Atomic Fireballs (Spicy Mac-and-Cheese Balls), Down by Law Sandwich

MOgridder's BBQ
565 Hunt's Point Ave, Bronx, NY 10474
ears ago, auto shop owner Fred Donnelly took up barbecue as a hobby. Then he started selling it from a trailer outside his Queens shop. Soon he was serving 150 lunches a day at MOgridder's BBQ. Dig into Fred's ribs and the brisket, which Guy said would ''challenge any good Texas brisket.''Special Dishes: Ribs, Beef Brisket, Pulled Pork Sandwich, BBQ Chicken

Don Antonio
309 W 50th St, New York, NY 10019
w Yorkers and Italians call it the best pizza they’ve ever had, it has to be legit. Guy digs into the pistachio and sausage pizza fresh out of the wood-fired oven imported from Naples. He also can’t get enough of the Montanara Starita, a fried pizza with a smoky flavor and fluffy crust.Special Dishes: Montanara Starita (Fried Pizza with Tomato, Basil and Smoked Mozzerella), Pistachio and Sausage Pizza

Lake Effect Diner
3165 Main St, Buffalo, NY 14214
diner reborn with what Guy called a "scratch cooking gone wild" style, Lake Effect Diner even cures their own ham. Try upscale versions of old classics like blueberry pancakes, or expand your palate with the Italian-style Fish and a side of mac and cheese.Special Dishes: Pizza; Meatballs; Chicken Parmesan; Italian Fish; House-Cured Ham with Red Eye Gravy, Eggs, Home Fries and Toast

Pastabilities
311 S Franklin St, Syracuse, NY 13201
lities is committed to super sauces, "baller" pizzas and a signature Central New York dish: Wicked Chicken Riggies, a spicy chicken rigatoni. If you go, Guy warns you to never, and he means never, pass up the hot tomato oil appetizer.Special Dishes: Wicked Chicken Riggies, Hot Tomato Oil, Duck Bacon Flatbread Pizza

John's of 12th Street
302 E 12th St, New York, NY 10003
years old, John's of 12th Street is a hidden Italian gem in NYC. According to Guy, the Marsala wine in the tender all-veal meatballs gives them a little sweetness that pairs well with the savory marinara. Guy found the Tuscan Ragu over Homemade Pappardelle to be irresistibly delicious.Special Dishes: Pizza, Homemade Pappardelle with Ragu, Veal Meatballs

Ben's Best Deli
96-40 Queens Blvd, Rego Park, NY 11374
This 65-year-old Jewish establishment is one of the last kosher delis left in New York City. Guy loved the fried kreplachs, which he described as "Jewish pot stickers." The boiled chicken soup comes with kreplachs as well. He also recommends the tender and juicy stuffed cabbage rolls.Special Dishes: Kreplachs, Pastrami, Salami, Brisket, Stuffed Cabbage Rolls

Brindle Room
277 E 10th St, New York, NY 10009
Chopped contestant Jeremy Spector lures locals to his spot with a scratch-made menu. The star is Sebastian’s Steakhouse Burger: a patty-cheddar-onion combo that Guy calls “dynamite.” The duck confit poutine made with hand-cut fries, cheese curds and, of course, duck confit, is also a hit.Special Dishes: Burger, Duck Confit Poutine

Eva's European Sweets
1305 Milton Ave., Syracuse, NY 13204
hentic home-style Polish comfort food and family atmosphere found at this cafe causes some to feel that they are actually in Poland. The crispy potato pancakes with gravy solicited an "Mmm" from Guy as he devoured the dish. Locals recommend the delicious pierogis and the savory kielbasa.Special Dishes: Potato Pancakes, Sauerkraut

Pizza Junction
1269 Erie Avenue, North Tonawanda, NY 14120
st, Guy Fieri, of Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, at Pizza Junction in North Tonawanda, NY, a 37-year-old restaurant turning sandwiches into amazing pizzas.Special Dishes: Pizza, Sandwiches, Novelty Cakes

Mama's Food Shop
200 E. Third St., New York, NY 10009
Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, Guy Fieri visits Mama's Food Shop in New York, NY, for homemade fried chicken and peach cobbler like mom used to make.

Eveready Diner
4189 Albany Post Rd. Route 9 N., Hyde Park, NY 12538
The band of cousins who run this diner are always ready with more than 40 different types of homemade cakes, pies and bread. Guy was a fan of the focaccia bread topped with feta, onions, olives and tomatoes, but the short ribs for dinner and the brownie Sunday for dessert were Guy's favorites.Special Dishes: 3-Cheese Macaroni and Cheese, Shepherd's Pie in a Half-Roasted Squash, Lobster Quesadillas

Ducks Eatery
351 E 12th St, New York, NY 10003
s Will and Julie Horowitz are making culinary waves in NYC’s East Village with their restaurant, Ducks Eatery. Largely inspired by his extensive travels and his chef grandparents, Will serves up creative dishes like goat neck and pig ears. Guy also recommends the whole, smoked chicken wings.Special Dishes: Goat Neck, Pig Ear

Bun-ker Vietnamese
99 Scott Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11237
Bun-Ker Vietnamese may seem like it is in the middle of nowhere, but the trip is worth it for Vietnamese street foods that Guy could eat “till (his) head falls off.” This joint serves up Southeast Asian-style favorites like grilled pork chops and crispy crepe with bacon, shrimp and bean sprouts.Special Dishes: Grilled Pork Chops, Crispy Crepe

Pies 'N' Thighs
166 S 4th St, Brooklyn, NY 11211
ee innovative female chefs that run this Brooklyn establishment are pumping out classic American cuisine with a Southern spin. Guy loved the savory buckwheat waffles and fried chicken, which were light and crisp. He also devoured the addictive Pecan Crunch Donut coated with homemade toffee.Special Dishes: Chicken and Waffles, Pecan Crunch Donut, Pulled Pork Sandwich

Jimmy's Diner
577 Union Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11211
ngry to Jimmy's Diner and you'll leave satisfied. Guy thought the skillet apple waffle was "killer" and liked the salty-sweet combination of the pancetta and maple syrup. The spicy salsa verde and golden raisins elevated the empanadas in the Chico Grande plate to a new level according to Guy.Special Dishes: Apple Skillet Waffle, Empanadas

Sophia's Restaurant
749 Military Rd, Buffalo, NY 14216
Ananiadias passed off her restaurant, Sophia's Restaurant, to her son Sam. Together they've been cranking out Greek specials and American classics all by hand. Guy was amazed by the fresh-baked bread used for the fried bologna sandwich stacked a mile high with hot mustard and onions.Special Dishes: Open-Faced Steak Sandwich, Souvlaki, Bologna Sandwich

Blackthorn Restaurant & Pub
2134 Seneca St, Buffalo, NY 14210
Guy hits the Blackthorn Restaurant and Pub in Buffalo, NY, a local Irish watering hole making the home town favorite, a sandwich called 'beef on weck.' Order the Triple D Platter to sample everything that was on the show: the beef on weck, crab cakes and a cup of Irish beer soup with tater tots.Special Dishes: Beef on Weck, Irish Beer Cheddar Soup, Triple D Platter

Grover's Bar & Grill
9160 Transit Rd, East Amherst, NY 14051
Eat your cheeseburger with a spoon - cheeseburger soup, that is - at this funky joint run by a mother-daughter duo. With a menu full of hearty comfort foods, you won't leave hungry, especially if you order the 12-ounce Bruiser Burger with blue cheese.Special Dishes: Burgers, Cheeseburger Soup

Earl's Drive-In
12139 Olean Rd. at Rt 16, Chaffee, NY 14030
st Guy Fieri, of Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, at Earl's Drive-In in Chaffee, NY, a 42-year-old restaurant next to a farm, where they're serving old school American classics.Special Dishes: Chicken a la King with Buttermilk Biscuits, Pies

Mulberry Italian Ristorante
64 Jackson Ave, Lackawanna, NY 14218
atballs larger than your standard league baseball, Mulberry Restaurant knows a thing or two about home-run meals. Guy didn't leave hungry with their filling lobster ravioli, hand-stuffed peppers and mountain-high lasagna packed edge to edge with sausage, chicken and creamy Parmesan ricotta.Special Dishes: Lasagna, Meatballs

Hildebrandt's
84 Hillside Ave, Williston Park, NY 11596
the '20s at this old-fashioned ice cream parlor, complete with a soda counter and Italian comfort food. Guy enjoyed the fan favorite: homemade butter pecan ice cream topped with whipped cream and a side of butterscotch. For a filling meal, order the mozzarella sticks and cheesy pasta Asiago.Special Dishes: Homemade Butter Pecan Ice Cream, Mozzarella Sticks, Pasta Asiago

The Pit Stop Restaurant
1706 Sunrise Hwy, Merrick, NY 11566
ano family believes in serving only fresh homemade meals to Pit Stop's loyal fans. Guy could not wait to try the hefty Cuban sandwich and enjoyed the pulled pork and Virginia ham inside it. The stuffed spaghetti squash topped with fresh mozzarella and homemade marinara sauce also impressed.Special Dishes: Cuban Sandwich, Stuffed Spaghetti Squash

Sage General Store
24-20 Jackson Ave, Long Island City, NY 11101
seat Sage General Store restaurant may be small, but the menu's all about big flavor. Sage loves their bacon brownie, bacon pizza and the most delicious artisanal bacon mac 'n' cheese. Meanwhile, Guy couldn't get enough of the juicy rotisserie chicken, spinning in the back.Special Dishes: Bacon Mac 'n' Cheese

Tortilleria Nixtamal
10405 47th Ave, Corona, NY 11368
ds of pounds of masa and up to 10,000 tortillas a day come from Tortilleria Nixtamal. Guy liked the sweet and savory taco al pastor with pineapple, topped with white onion, cilantro and lime. The hearty pozole Guy found comforting and soothing. Regulars enjoy the tamales and tortas as well.Special Dishes: Tacos al Pastor, Tortillas, Tortas


North-carolina

Sweet n Savory Cafe
1611 Pavilion Pl., Wilmington, NC 28403
Open for breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner, Sweet n Savory Cafe is a must-try option while passing through Wilmington. The menu includes something for everyone with classic dishes (pot roast, chicken pot pie, meatloaf, etc.) and incredible creations from the restaurant's Executive chef and Sous chef.Special Dishes: Wrightsville Beach French Toast, Mutha Heffer Sandwich (Meatloaf Sandwich)

Cast Iron Kitchen
8024 Market St Unit 6, Wilmington, NC 28411
This breakfast-brunch spot is serving up classic Southern flavors all day long. From shrimp and grits to chicken and waffles (and everything in between), Cast Iron Kitchen has a menu to satisfy any appetite. Guy suggests ordering the Not My Momma's Meatloaf, which is comfort food at its finest.Special Dishes: Dirty South Biscuit, Not My Momma's Meatloaf

Copper Penny
109 Chestnut St, Wilmington, NC 28401
For a taste of Philly in North Carolina, head to Copper Penny where owner Brian Cadwallader is serving up inventive pub food. The 109 Chestnut Chicken Sandwich is a take on a chicken Philly cheesesteak. It is served with their famous onion rings. “Keep those onion rings away from me,” Guy said after he couldn’t stop eating them, “I never want to see them again.”Special Dishes: 109 Chestnut Chicken Sandwich, Hot Roasted Pork Sandwich

Ceviche's
7210 Wrightsville Ave, Wilmington, NC 28403
Chef and co-owner Hunter Tiblier grew up in Panama while his dad was working on the Panama Canal. At Ceviche’s he’s bringing the Latin-inspired dishes of his childhood to North Carolina. The Ropa Vieja is a homerun. Chef Tiblier takes spicy braised flank steak and serves it with citrus cabbage slaw, coconut rice, fried plantains, salsa fresca and avocado. Not surprisingly they also do killer authentic ceviche.Special Dishes: Ropa Vieja, Sancocho, Ceviche

Heist Brewery
2909 N Davidson St #200, Charlotte 28205
This spot caters to craft beer aficionados who are particular about both their brews and their bites. In addition to its carefully curated selection of suds that extends beyond Heist’s own brews, the spot also serves not-so-basic burgers and other elevated takes on pub grub (Duck Confit Flatbread, anyone?). “That’s legit,” said Guy after sampling the sliders that feature miniature patties made from a blend of chuck, porter and brisket. These bite-sized beauties are packed with flavor, thanks to layers of herb goat cheese, beer-laced bacon jam, roasted tomatoes, fresh arugula and a house-made barbecue sauce.Special Dishes: Burger, Burger, Burger (Sliders), Duck Confit Flatbread

Fud at Salud
3306 N Davidson St, Charlotte, NC 28205
Housed in a beer shop, this little spot churns out imaginative eats that are just as inventive as the craft brews on the shelves. The “wild waffle sandwiches,” as Guy called them, are a particular standout. Listed as Waffle-Wiches on the menu, these golden, fluffy creations come stuffed with a delectable array of fillings. Guy opted for a sweet variation inspired by s’mores. Two Belgian waffles made from a meringue-laced batter are sandwiched with graham cracker crumbs, chocolate sauce and a massive housemade marshmallow that’s caramelized with a torch before serving.Special Dishes: Waffle-Wiches

The Improper Pig
110 S Sharon Amity Rd, Charlotte, NC 28211
The Improper Pig is not your standard Southern barbecue joint. Here, classic Carolina ‘cue shares the menu with new-school creations shot through with Asian flavors. “There is nothing that I do not love about this,” exclaimed Guy when he tucked into the Chaobao Taco. Opt for this dish and you’ll get a steamed bun stuffed with succulent pulled pork that’s slathered with hoisin sauce and topped with a housemade coleslaw.Special Dishes: Chaobao Taco, Improper Charcuterie

Bang Bang Burgers
2001 E 7th St, , Ste D, Charlotte, NC 28204
The crowds pack in for the impeccable patties that Chef-Owner Joseph Huang turns out at his burger joint. Huang makes all his patties with Black Angus beef sourced from renowned butcher Pat LaFrieda, then dresses them up with a dazzling array of toppings. One popular pick is a Southern-tinged burger featuring a simply seasoned patty smothered with a housemade pimento cheese and topped with fried pickles (which Guy Fieri deemed “the kicker,” when he stopped in for a bite).Special Dishes: Pimento Burger, Fried Sweet Potato Brie Burger

Papi Queso Food Truck
Roaming Food Truck, Charlotte, NC 28202
Locals track down this roaming food truck for a taste of the gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches turned out by owner Brian Stockholm. “You're a small food truck, but you’re getting all cheffy on it,” Guy declared after stepping inside. He raved about the Pig Mac sandwich composed of cheddar cheese slices layered between bechamel mac and cheese, caramelized bourbon onions and pulled pork that’s been rubbed with a slew of spices. A squirt of espresso barbecue sauce completes the creation.Special Dishes Grilled Cheese Sandwiches

JJ's Red Hots
1514 East Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28203
JJ’s Red Hots is one food establishment that has gone entirely to the dogs … hot dogs, that is. Owner Jonathan Luther draws the crowds with his menu of hot dogs and sausages that can be customized with a slew of toppings. He makes the joint’s traditional Austrian-style sausages from scratch, using an 85/15 blend of pork butt and chuck. “That’s legit,” Guy declared after tucking into a spice-laden, cheese-laced sausage loaded with sauerkraut, pickled onions and mustard.Special Dishes Housemade Sausage, Chili Cheese Coney

Mert's Heart and Soul
214 N College St, Charlotte, NC 28202
ldn’t visit North Carolina without getting a taste of low-country cooking, so he made a beeline for this down-home Southern restaurant. Guy tried the Soul Roll, an egg roll wrap that comes stuffed with adobo-laced collard greens, black-eyed peas, seasoned rice and diced fried chicken. “This is a soul food missile pop … with everything combined in one easy-to-eat bite,” Guy declared of the dish.Special Dishes: Soul Roll, Shrimp and Grits

South 21 Drive-in
3101 E Independence Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28205
955, South 21 Drive-In has been serving more than 20,000 meals a month to Charlotte, N.C., locals; so Guy had to check them out. He's glad he did for their classic American burgers and shakes, including the Super Boy, a signature double burger with scratch-made chili and tangy slaw.Special Dishes: Super Boy (Burger with Two Patties, Coleslaw and Chili), Fish O Burger, Onion Rings, Golden Southern Fried Chicken

Dish
1220 Thomas Ave, Charlotte, NC 28205
into Dish feels like walking into someone's grandmother's house. It's warm and casual and you get the feeling you're going to be taken care of. Come for classic Southern comfort food like fried green tomatoes or chicken and biscuits, a Guy Fieri favorite.Special Dishes: Chicken and Dumplings, Salmon Patties, Shrimp and Grits

The Tin Kitchen Food Truck
900 W Trade St, Charlotte, NC 28202
bile food truck serves top-notch tacos and fusion dishes like buffalo-style cauliflower tacos.Special Dishes: Pork Belly Tacos, Buffalo Cauliflower Sliders

Pinky's Westside Grill
1600 W Morehead St, Charlotte, NC 28208
rted auto repair shop, this casual restaurant serves towering burgers, snappy dogs and not-too-healthy salads topped with popcorn chicken and fried buffalo shrimp. Special Dishes: Triple "G" Burger, Corn Dog Shrimp

Intermezzo Pizzeria and Cafe
1427 E 10th St, Charlotte, NC 28204
zzeria sets its menu apart with a selection of traditional Serbian dishes, including Piroska, a Balkan-style stuffed pizza. Another standout is the grilled fungi option. Inspired by the foraged mushrooms the owners’ mother used to prepare, this earthy pie is scattered with grilled portobello, shiitake, oyster and button mushrooms over mozzarella before being finished with fragrant basil.Special Dishes: Piroska, Grilled Fungi Pizza

300 East
300 East Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28203
storic house a mother-daughter team prepares sensational seasonal New American dishes and homey desserts like a rotating ice cream sandwich.Special Dishes: Lamb Ragout, Ice Cream Sandwich

Krazy Fish
2501 Central Ave, Charlotte, NC 28205
Unlikely flavors come together for awesome dishes at this Charlotte seafood spot, which specializes in tacos like Szechuan-style salmon and blackened tuna.Special Dishes: Blackened Tuna Tacos, Seafood Creole

Pit Road Bar & Grilll
2330 Tipton Dr, Charlotte, NC 28206
ide a Go-Kart Track, this casual restaurant serves crowd-pleasing dishes like wings, loaded fries and the Hot Lap, a sandwich packed with spicy chicke, jalapeno crema and cheese.Special Dishes: Moon Pie Burger, Hot Lap Sandwich

Outer Banks Brewing Station
600 South Croatan Hwy, Kill Devils Hill, NC 27948
b is committed to lessening its carbon footprint and not only sources local seafood and produce but also generate its own power using a wind turbine. Guy was impressed by the shrimp and grits with redeye gravy and sweet potato chips. Locals enjoy a handcrafted beer with their meal.Special Dishes: Shrimp and Grits, Handcrafted Beer

Jake's Good Eats
12721 Albemarle Rd, Charlotte, NC 28227
Brothers Jake and Gordon Stegall converted an old gas station to the local favorite for twists on Southern cooking. Guy's favorite, blackened flounder with country ham grit cakes, was an out-of-bounds winner. But locals savor the super tasty venison quesadillas.Special Dishes: Maple-Glazed Pork Chop, Venison Quesadilla

Penguin Drive-In - CLOSED
1921 Commonwealth Ave., Charlotte, NC 28205
ople enjoy some french fries or onion rings with a burger, but how about fried pickles? The regulars at the Penguin in North Carolina can't get enough of them. Head Chef Greg Auten makes his corn dogs from scratch, and Guy got addicted to his pimento grilled cheese.Special Dishes: Fried Pickles, Corn Dogs, Pimento Grilled Cheese

Bar-B-Q King
2900 Wilkinson Blvd., Charlotte, NC 28208
ows through the river of Flavortown? Guy says it's the Bar-B-Q Chicken at Bar-B-Q King. On The Best Thing I Ever Ate and Triple D, he chows down on their chicken that's been fried and then dunked in their famous barbecue sauce. It's nothing short of a tried-and-true recipe from 1959.Special Dishes: Pulled Pork, BBQ Chicken, Southern Fried Chicken

Landmark Restaurant Diner
4429 Central Ave., Charlotte, NC 28205
k Restaurant Diner may be a Greek family restaurant, but the menu spans the globe, from the American Turkey Tom-Tom ("Thanksgiving on a plate") to the Italian tiramisu (one of just 230 baked goods). Of course, they've got Greek too -- Guy could eat the spanakopita not once, but 36 more times.Special Dishes: Boiled Whole Turkey, Split Pea Soup

Cabo Fish Taco
3201 N Davidson St, Charlotte, NC 28205
ough Cabo Fish Taco calls North Carolina home, its tacos take a cue from Baja, California, as well as from south of the border. Guy visited Cabo looking for a new twist on the SoCal favorite and he found it in Flavortown with Cabo's Southern-style mango barbecue fish tacos.Special Dishes: Fish Tacos, Mango BBQ Mahi Mahi Tacos

Tortugas' Lie
3014 S Virginia Dare Trail, Nags Head, NC 27959
surfer hangout, grill master Richard Welch is dishing out "ridiculous" Caribbean-inspired dishes. Guy thought that the habanero jelly gave the jerk-seasoned pork chops just the right amount of spice and sweetness. The wet jerk-seasoned chicken with pineapple chutney was "off the hook."Special Dishes: Jerk-seasoned Pork Chops, Jerk-seasoned Chicken

The Black Pelican Oceanfront Restaurant
3848 N Virginia Dare Trail, Kitty Hawk, NC 27949
on the beachfront, this is where the locals know to come for fresh locally caught seafood. The Wanchese fisherman's risotto with scallops and shrimp had Guy lickin' his chops. This eatery is also known for its juicy citrus rosemary brine chicken with smoked gouda mash potatoes.Special Dishes: Wanchese Fisherman's Risotto, Citrus Rosemary Brine Chicken


Ohio

Momo Ghar
1265 Morse Rd, Columbus, OH 43229
Chef and Owner Phinsto Lama is cooking up Tibetan and Nepalese specialties in the middle of an international market in Columbus. Her signature dish is Johl Mo Mo, Tibetan steamed dumplings filled with chicken and enrobed in a spicy fenugreek tomato sauce. The Choila Set, a Tibetan chicken salad with rice, potatoes and black-eyed peas is “one of the most-unique dishes” Guy has ever tried on DDD.Special Dishes: Johl Mo Mo,  Choila Set

Ena's Caribbean Kitchen
2444 Cleveland Ave, Columbus, OH 43211
class="MsoNormal">Ena's Caribbean Kitchen is a family-filled Jamaican joint where Island favorite are fired up. Try the authentic jerk chicken or the whole red snapper which is deep fried and served with a vinegary escabeche sauce. Special Dishes: Jerk Chicken, Red Snapper Escabeche

Sweet Carrot
1417 W 5th Ave, Columbus, OH 43212
Chef and owner Angela Petro brings creativity and fun to the cuisine at Sweet Carrot. The gorgeous Ohio Chicken Meatball sandwich is drizzled with a slightly-sweet, sesame-ginger sauce and topped with house-made spicy, roasted-corn salsa. “I’d order that again for the next five years,” said Guy.

Pierogi Mountain
2216 Summit St, Columbus, OH 43201
Pierogi Mountain is a dive bar that serves pierogi and comfort food during the day and adds a side of punk rock at night. Vegetarians and vegans are welcome as eight of the nine pierogi offerings are vegetarian or vegan.Special Dishes: Pierogi, Chicken Paprikash

Ray Ray's Hog Pit
2619 N High St, Columbus, OH 43202
Chef and Owner James Anderson raises his own pigs for the succulent smoked offerings at Ray Ray’s Hog Pit, a one-of-a-kind barbecue truck in Columbus, Ohio. Guy tried the super-moist Mangalitsa Brat Burger and St. Louis Spare Ribs.Special Dishes: Mangalista Brat Burger, St. Louis Spare Ribs

Loops
1629 Northwest Blvd, Columbus, OH 43212
Head to this family-owned joint for a taste of Chicago favorites in Columbus, Ohio. Try the authentic Greek gyro made 'the right way' with shaved spit-roasted pork shoulder and house-made tzatziki sauce. Don’t miss the Italian Beef sandwich which is drenched with a warm au jus and piled high with hot giardiniera for a tangy crunch.Special Dishes: Italian Beef Sandwich, Gyros

Lucky's Cafe
777 Starkweather Ave, Cleveland, OH 44113
Symon may be an Iron Chef but that doesn't mean he's immune to loving the "soul satisfying" biscuits and gravy from Lucky's Cafe. The combo has worked for years and for good reason. Guy also stopped by to sample them, in addition to Lucky's Reuben and super yummy Baked Mac-N-Cheese.Special Dishes: Corned Beef, Bread, Granola, Reuben, Biscuits & Gravy

Pho Lang Thang
114 W. Elder St, Cincinnati, OH 45202
g Thang is Vietnamese comfort food at its finest. Pho, the hearty Vietnamese noodle soup, is the name of the game and this restaurant’s specialty. Locals happily queue for the fortifying beef-based broth, but if you’re in a sandwich mood be sure to check out their take on the classic banh mi, with housemade head cheese, roast pork and pickled vegetables.

Bakersfield OTR
1213 Vine St, Cincinnati, OH 45202


Taste of Belgium
1133 Vine St, Cincinnati, OH 45202
ot serves Belgian classics that Guy finds irresistible. He declares the dense Belgian waffle to be “outstanding” and also digs the Belgian pretzel with a side of beer cheese. If you are in the mood for something heartier, try the Carbonnades — a traditional stew made with beer-braised beef.Special Dishes: Belgian Waffle, Carbonnades

Senate Pub
1212 Vine St, Cincinnati, OH 45202


Island Frydays
2826 Vine St, Cincinnati, OH 45219
Frydays is the perfect destination for Jamaican flavors. Guy swings by to get a taste of the off-the-charts jerk chicken platter. The complex spice mix consists of pimento seeds, habaneros, cinnamon and nutmeg. The snapper with spicy Jamaican escovitch sauce is delicious and moist.Special Dishes: Jerk Chicken Platter, Snapper

Melt Eclectic Cafe
4165 Hamilton Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45223
Melt serves local flavors with healthy ingredients. The popular Veggie 3-Way with Spaghetti or Redskins is a favorite among vegetarians and meat eaters alike. Guy can’t believe there’s no meat in the dish. The Yeehaw BBQ sandwich with chicken, pico de gallo, BBQ sauce and mozzarella is also a hit.Special Dishes: Veggie 3-Way, Yeehaw BBQ Sandwich

Parkview Niteclub
1261 W 58th St, Cleveland, OH 44102
claim this laid-back Cleveland hangout is the go-to spot for a "good time with good food." Sample their daily specials, like Tuesday's Honey Chipotle Pork Tacos made with smoked jalapeno or Friday's Fish Fries, or enjoy the Smoked Salmon BLT any day of the week.Special Dishes: Smoked Salmon BLT

Geraci's Restaurant
2266 Warrensville Center Rd, Cleveland, OH 44118
your cravings for Italian classics at Geraci's Restaurant, a neighborhood fixture that’s been turning out meatballs and other Old World favorites since 1956. Today the daughters of the original owners are running the joint, where cash is still the only form of payment and locals still crowd in for menu mainstays like the popular pepperoni pizza. The dough is made fresh several times a day, then rolled out, slathered in sauce, heaped with mozzarella and blanketed in extra-thick pepperoni.Special Dishes: Meatballs, Pepperoni Pizza

Blue Ash Chili
9565 Kenwood Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45242
The chili at this Cincinnati institution can be served plain, 3-way, 4-way, 5-way or 6-way. Learning the lingo didn't take long for Guy Fieri. He ordered the 6-way, which includes everything: chili, spaghetti, beans, onions, cheese and fried jalapeno caps.Special Dishes: Blue Ash Chili, No Freakin' Way

Melt Bar & Grilled
14718 Detroit Ave, Lakewood, OH 44107
s a special genius to make a grilled cheese lasagna sandwich. Lucky for Ohio diners, Matt Fish opened Melt Bar & Grilled with the lasagna Godfather sandwich. But he didn't stop there: The Monster grilled cheese goes mad scientist with its 13 different cheeses and three slices of bread.Special Dishes: Gourmet Grilled Cheese Sandwiches, The Godfather

Momocho
1835 Fulton Rd, Cleveland, OH 44113
's modern Mexican cuisine is fresh-to-order, meaning they've ditched the walk-in freezers and heat lamps. Guy paid a visit for the guacamole served six different ways (think goat cheese, crab and pineapple). But regulars love the machaca, a tender coffee and chile braised beef brisket.Special Dishes: Tuna Tacos with Blood Orange Marmalade and Guacamole with House Smoked Trout.

Sterle's Slovenian Country House
1401 E 55th St, Cleveland, OH 44103
s Country House has it all -- polka dancing, a friendly atmosphere and a wiener schnitzel Guy had to check out. For the past 40 years, Sterle's has used their time-tested German recipes for everything, including the chicken paprikash with homemade dumplings -- so tasty, Guy might move in.Special Dishes: Chicken Paprikash, Wienerschnitzel


Oklahoma

Clanton's Cafe
319 E Illinois Ave, Vinita, OK 74301
ldn't leave Clanton's Cafe without sampling the 80-year-old recipe for the famous chicken-fried steak. The "mac daddy" steak has been called one of the best on Route 66, and, for a trip off the road, they're dishing out tasty Rocky Mountain Oysters, also known as the underside of the calf.Special Dishes: Burgers, Calf Fries (Rocky Mountain Oysters), Chicken Fried Steak

Eischen's Bar
109 S 2nd St, Okarche, OK 73762
undred regulars wrote in to get Triple D to stop at this fried chicken haven that's serving theirs the same way they did in the '60s. They go through 24,000 pieces of fried chicken a week. The whole room cheered when Guy asked, "How's the fried chicken?"Special Dishes: Fried Chicken, Chili

The Rock Cafe
114 W. Main St., Stroud, OK 74079
k Cafe was literally built from rocks used for Route 66. And although the restaurant opened in 1939, the menu reflects a modern take on roadside eats. Guy could "seriously put down" more than one Buffalo Burger, but then he’d miss out on the famous Alligator Burger and German Spaetzle.Special Dishes: German Spaetzle, Buffalo Burger, Alligator Burger

The Diner
213 E Main St, Norman, OK 73069
ili and sandwich shop has been around for more than 100 years and they're famous for their two-time state of Oklahoma championship chili recipe. Try it in a classic bowl, the chili dog dinner or the chili burrito with ranchero sauce.Special Dishes: Chili, Fries, Burgers, Hot Dogs, Southside Chili

Nic's Grill
1201 N Pennsylvania Ave, Oklahoma City, OK 73107
This neighborhood gem is cranking out comfort food specials, like pork chops on Tuesdays and meatloaf on Fridays. The 15-seat joint became a legend for its mouthwatering half-pound burgers served with an overflowing basket of french fries and a fork.Special Dishes: Onion Burger

Mama E's Wings & Waffles
3838 Springlake Dr., Oklahoma City, OK 73111
y visited Mama E's Wings & Waffles, he devoured their signature fried chicken and waffles, lovingly topped with a dusting of powdered sugar and a drizzle of hot sauce. Not surprisingly, diners have become devotees of this "real soul food" that features the swine specialty: pig's feet.Special Dishes: Wings and Waffles, Collard Greens

Leo's BBQ
3631 N Kelley Ave, Oklahoma City, OK 73111
ng to Chef Charles Smith, the secret to his great tasting barbecue is love. Guy got messy with the spare ribs dripping with the house-made BBQ sauce and loved the hot links. Save some room for dessert, too, because all dinners are served with a free piece of strawberry banana cake.Special Dishes: BBQ, Ribs, Strawberry Banana Cake

Ingrid's Kitchen
3701 N Youngs Blvd, Oklahoma City, OK 73112
Oklahoma's best-kept secret, Ingrid's Kitchen is a go-to spot for authentic German cuisine. Guy loved the Reuben sandwich and the bratwurst plate. But the real kicker? Ingrid bakes more than nine types of rye breads each day, with more than 150 varieties of baked goods served weekly.Special Dishes: Schnitzel, Reuben, Bratwurst Sausages

Cattlemen's Steakhouse
1309 S Agnew, Oklahoma City, OK 73108
You know they're seriously cranking it out when every steak goes through a needling machine, guaranteeing it'll be tender. Get the "Presidential Choice" T-Bone Steak, named after President Bush Sr., who ordered it while visiting the steakhouse. Or try the popular Pepper Steak with peppercorn sauce.Special Dishes: Steaks, Sandwiches


Oregon

Sammich
424 Bridge St, Ashland, OR 97520
Chef Melissa McMillan, aka Chef Mel, has appeared twice on Guy’s Grocery Games. She opened Sammich because she missed the food she used to get in Chicago. Try the Chicago Italian Beef, served wet with classic giardiniera and roasted peppers and the Pastrami Zombie made with their house-brined, smoked and steamed pastrami. “This is like sandwich revolution,” Guy said.Special Dishes: Chicago Italian Beef, Pastrami Zombie

Agave
5 Granite St, Ashland, OR 97520
For fresh and simple Mexican fare in Ashland, Agave is the place to go. Guy loved the Winter Squash and Portobello Tamales with house made red tamale sauce and thought the Carnitas Torta was dynamite.Special Dishes: Carnitas Torta, Tamales

Blue Toba
1690 Ashland St, Ashland, OR 97520
The folks of Ashland have Chef Birong Hutabarat and his wife Leslie Hutabarat transporting them to Indonesia in the heart of Oregon. They specialize in super flavorful curries that incorporate spices brought back from fresh markets in IndonesiaSpecial Dishes: Rendang, Opor

Swiss Hibiscus
4950 NE 14th Ave, Portland 97211
Guy stopped here to sample authentic Swiss dishes without stepping foot outside of the United States. Co-owner Jennie Wyss is carrying on the culinary legacy of her Swiss-born father by serving true European cuisine. Standouts include the spaetzle and paprika schnitzel. “I can’t shovel this in my face fast enough,” said Guy of the buttery, crunchy egg noodles and the paprika-laced pork medallions. He also raved about the emince zurichoise, a thinly sliced pork sirloin that comes smothered in a mushroom-studded sauce.

Matt’s BBQ
4233 N Mississippi Ave, Portland, OR 97217
Matt Vicedomini turns out big flavors from inside his tiny food truck, where he’s smoking meats that made Guy’s mouth water. “Pull-apart tender,” Guy declared of the Texas-style spare ribs smothered in an onion-and-garlic-laced glaze. Another standout is the Whole Shabamwich, a hefty sandwich that’s stacked with pulled pork, sausages, brisket and a rib, along with coleslaw and pickles. “It’s dynamite, man,” Guy raved.Special Dishes: Spare Ribs, The Whole Shabamwich

Tails & Trotters
525 NE 24th Ave, Portland, OR 97232
head to this shop that Guy describes as a “smorgasbord of pork” to load up on the signature meats made from hazelnut-finished pigs. Owner Aaron Silverman offers a plethora of pork products, as well as hefty sandwiches stacked with meat. “Luscious,” Guy said of the house-cured coppa that’s the star of the Grinder sandwich. The coppa is layered with ham, lonza and provolone on a slab of aioli-slicked ciabatta, then topped with lettuce, red onions and a squirt of red wine vinegar.Special Dishes: Hazelnut-Finished Pork, Grinder Sandwich, Porchetta Sandwich

Ataula
1818 NW 23rd Pl, Portland, OR 97210
g small plates take center stage at this Spanish restaurant, where Chef-Owner Jose Chesa turns out an artful array of tapas that are as delightful to look at as they are to eat. A real stunner is the pulpo carpaccio, made from delicate slices of tender octopus that come adorned with a dazzling array of toppings that include sun-dried tomatoes, Parmigiano Reggiano, toasted pine nuts and olive oil caviar. “It’s a whole symphony of flavors,” Guy declared after taking a bite.Special Dishes: Pulpo Carpaccio, Pepito De Ternera (Veal Breast Sandwich)

P's & Q's Market
1301 NE Dekum St, Portland, OR 97211
rs Emily Anderson and Chef Paul Davis looked to their roots when creating the menu at this homey spot. While Anderson’s California sensibility translates as a preference for fresh produce, Midwesterner Davis favors comfort food classics. He steps up housemade buttermilk biscuits by smothering them in a tomato gravy made from his grandmother’s Appalachian recipe. Crushed tomatoes are brought together with evaporated milk, whole milk and flour to make a velvety gravy that Guy called “top-notch.”Special Dishes: Biscuits and Gravy, Polenta Sandwich

Otto's Sausage Kitchen & Meat Market
4138 SE Woodstock Blvd, Portland, OR 97202
's they're serving up 50 different kinds of sausages 7 days a week. The old-fashioned hot dogs are "tender and creamy," according to Guy. Besides assorted bratwursts, deli meats like corned beef and roast beef are also available. For his sandwich, Guy got the "killer" smoked pastrami.Special Dishes: Homemade Hot Dogs, Smoked Pastrami, Sausage, Otto's Beer Cheese Soup

Bunk Sandwiches
1028 SE Water Avenue, Portland, OR 97214
On The Best Thing I Ever Ate, pork fanatic Chris Cosentino speaks anything but "bunk" about Bunk's Pork Belly Cubano. Bunk's take on the iconic Cuban sandwich uses knock-out pork belly grilled with mustard, Swiss and ham. But the roast beef sandwich with sharp cheddar is utter, delicious nonsense. Guy Fieri became a fellow fan of the sandwich shop after sampling a pork-centric spin on a Reuben, as well as a between-the-bread creation stuffed with salt cod. “Get the funk at Bunk,” he declared.Special Dishes: House-Cured Pork Belly, Sandwiches

Fisherman’s Market
830 West 7th St., Eugene, OR 97402
rarely fresher than at this restaurant inside a fish market. Owner Ryan Rogers, a former fisherman, wanted to serve the freshest seafood in the Pacific Northwest. Most of his dishes come from Oregon-based fishing boats, including wild-caught-crawfish pie, along with Dungeness crab that Guy samples right off the boat.Special Dishes: Fresh Dungeness Crab; Crawfish Pie

Papa’s Soul Food Kitchen and BBQ
400 Blair Blvd., Eugene, OR 97402
Soul Food Kitchen and BBQ feels more like a party than a restaurant, with live music, good company and better-than-homemade soul food. The classic barbecue meats are exceptional for a restaurant west of the Mississippi, but the off-menu Soul Burger — a smoked pork patty with slaw and fried onions — is completely original.Special Dishes: Soul Burger

Soup Nation Café
525 High St., Eugene, OR 97401
the world in 80 bowls: Soup Nation helps diners travel the globe with a rotating menu of more than 80 international soups. From the stocks and broths to the sourdough bread, everything is made from scratch for the rotating menu of nine daily choices, which include gluten-free, vegan and nut-free options.

The Sandwich League
272 Van Buren St, Eugene, OR 97402
nky food truck is known for its meaty sandwiches. Guy calls the Pork on Pork a “monster of a sandwich.” It’s packed with pork and topped with bacon, fries, cilantro slaw and onions. He also raves about the “rich piece of meat” that gives the Meaty Cheesy Goodness grilled cheese its name.Special Dishes: Pork on Pork, Meaty Cheesy Goodness

Cornbread Cafe
1290 W 7th Ave, Eugene, OR 97402
rst for his show, Guy visits a 100 percent vegan eatery. This cafe “veganizes” Southern-style comfort food with tasty results. Guy says even diners who dislike vegan food will dig the Eugenewich, which features fried Surata tofu and a smoky sauce. The frozen peanut butter pie is also a hit.Special Dishes: Fried Surata Tofu, Frozen Peanut Butter Pie

Junkyard Extreme Burgers and Brats
95410 Highway 99 E, Junction City, OR 97448
d Extreme Burgers and Brats boasts the craziest menu, and it's also the only restaurant in town. The Big Block is their signature burger with 1 pound of meat, bacon, what Guy estimates to be about a cup of cheese, and more. There’s also the fried cheese pizza with four different cheeses.Special Dishes: Big Block, Fried Cheese Pizza

Podnah's Pit
1625 NE Killingsworth, Portland, OR 97211
ot cranks out 30 tons of 'cue a year. Guy is won over by the lamb ribs, saying they “melt in your mouth.” The Pitboss Plate is also a popular pick, as shown on Best. Ever. It comes piled with Central Texas-style brisket, ribs and sausage. Cornbread and sides round out this mouthwatering meal.Special Dishes: Smoked Whole Ruby Trout, Lamb Ribs, Smoked Beef Brisket

The Tin Shed Garden Cafe
1438 NE Alberta St, Portland, OR 97211
a little something for everyone at the Tin Shed Garden Cafe. Guy devoured their ooey-gooey (and vegetarian) heartless artichoke grilled cheese. For a heartier bite, try the juicy pulled-pork barbacoa sliders or the Baby Beluga black curry lentils, available vegan or gluten-free.Special Dishes: Fungus Among Us Sandwich, Heartless Artichoke Sandwich

Frank's Noodle House
822 NE Broadway St., Portland, OR
Guy tried hand-pulling noodles, but it was no match for Frank Fong's mastery. At Frank's Noodle House, noodles are the star of the plate, as they're hand-pulled and handmade every day. Frank offers the noodles with vegetables, beef and even squid. But Guy likes his with Frank's marinated chicken.Special Dishes: Hand-Pulled Noodles

PDX Six Seven One
Rose City Food Park at NE Sandy Blvd &amp; 52nd Ave Portland, Portland, OR
irst impression of the Guamanian food from PDX Six Seven One? "Simple, basic and dynamite." The Kelaguen Mannok dish, a cold chicken salad served with titiya (Guamanian flat bread), instantly became a favorite. As for the name? It's a cross between Portland's airport and Guam's zip code.Special Dishes: Kélaguen Mannok

The Country Cat
7937 SE Stark, Portland, OR 97215
The Country Cat enticed Iron Chef winner Brad Farmerie with its home cooking and warm hospitality, but the cast-iron skillet fried chicken and red flannel hash keep him coming back. The shatteringly crisp fried chicken is served with an insane pecan-topped spoon bread that Chef Farmerie calls “layers and layers and layers of delight.” The red flannel hash, is a bright mixture of red beets and corned beef bound with sour cream and seasoned with freshly grated horseradish. The fuchsia mixture is pressed in a hot pan until it is an amalgamation of crispy, crunchy bits and then topped with a fried egg.
Guy also spoke highly of the fried chicken. "It's everything you want fried chicken to be," he said.Special Dishes: Whole Hog Plate, Cast-Iron Skillet Fried Chicken

The Industrial Cafe and Saloon
2572 NW Vaughn St, Portland, OR 97210
k furnishings round out The Industrial Cafe and Saloon's menu of stick-to-your-ribs comfort food. Guy devoured the chipped beef and pastrami Reuben. As for the corned beef, it's built from the ground up with locally raised cattle, courtesy of Lucky Tough Land Cattle. How's that for fresh?Special Dishes: House Smoked Chicken Wings, Hawaiian Style Beef Ribs, Reuben

The Original
300 SW 6th Ave, Portland, OR 97204
ed by its culinary team as “rock 'n' roll and tattoos,” The Original Dinerant offers a modern take on '50s and '60s diners by way of amped-up American favorites featuring local and seasonal ingredients. Creative riffs on the classics include a cheese-smothered beef slider patty served between two piping-hot halves of a glazed housemade doughnut. Another standout is the chicken and waffles that Guy called a “contender for the title.” Jalapeno-and-cheddar-studded buttermilk waffles come heaped with crisp chicken confit and drenched in smoked maple syrup.Special Dishes: Burgers, Our Chicken & Waffles

Pine State Biscuits
2204 NE Alberta, Portland, OR 97211
comfort food restaurant, everything is served up on biscuits. Guy could not get enough of the classic biscuits and gravy, noting that the biscuit had the "best texture ever." He also devoured The Reggie with fried chicken, bacon, cheddar and gravy all inside a "flaky and light" biscuit.Special Dishes: Biscuits and Gravy, The Reggie

Byways Cafe
1212 NW Glisan St., Portland, OR 97209
Byways Café in Portland, Ore., co-owner Collin McFadden makes her top-selling Corned Beef Hash with a combo of mustard, brown sugar and melted cheddar cheese. Guy was amazed by Megan Brinkley's homemade desserts, such as German Chocolate Cake, Fruit-Filled Scones, and Key Lime Pie.Special Dishes: Breakfast Food, Omelet and Scrambles, Corned Beef Hash, Desserts, Key Lime Pie

Blueplate Lunch Counter & Soda Fountain
308 SW Washington St., Portland, OR 97204
isit to downtown Portland led him to The Blueplate Lunch Counter, where Chef Jeff Reiter excels in classic American comfort foods. Guy loved the gourmet burger sliders made with basil mayonnaise, and the "primo" mushroom and bacon mac 'n' cheese, adding, "Here's a guy who is making it work."Special Dishes: Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup, Soda Fountain (Floats, Chocolate Malt)

Arleta Library Bakery & Cafe
5513 SE 72nd at Harold, Portland, OR 97206
further than this neighborhood cafe for comfort food with a culinary-school flair. Guy appreciated the complexity found in the savory Sicilian hash made with braciola. The sweet potato biscuits with pork and rosemary sausage were "dynamite." Diners also enjoy the Semolina Griddlecakes.Special Dishes: Sicilian Hash, Sweet Potato Biscuits with Pork and Rosemary Sausage, Semolina Griddlecakes


Pennsylvania

The Dining Car & Market
8826 Frankford Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19136
ing Car & Market's philosophy is simple: "Get what you like...like what you get!" Add to that, get it anytime you like. This 24/7 operation boasts a menu Guy couldn't believe. It's all about classic comfort foods, like chip beef, "funkadelic" chicken croquettes and crepes with ham and Swiss.Special Dishes: Chipped Beef, Crepes, Chicken Croquettes, Scrapple (Deep Fried Pork Scraps), French Onion Soup, "Philly Best" Jewish Apple Cake, Apple Walnut Pie

Nadine's Restaurant
19 S 27th St, Pittsburgh, PA 15203
s in Pittsburgh provides homemade food with home-style comfort; owner Nadine Voelker even puts up birthday banners for her restaurant's many regulars. Specialties include roast beef, fried bologna and — Guy's favorite — Na's Pasta, piled high with sausage, salami and ham.Special Dishes: Roast Beef Sandwich, Fried Bologna Sandwich, Na's Pasta (Meat and Noodle Dish)

Kelly O's Diner
1130 Perry Hwy, #28, Pittsburgh, PA 15237
h Kelly O'Connor opened her diner with no cooking experience, she was armed with a handful of family recipes. Guy swung by for a DDD first: haluski. The Polish dish is made with egg noodles, onions, cabbage and bacon. For another tasty bite, try Kelly's "winner-winner" turkey pot pie soup.Special Dishes: Haluski (Noodles, Bacon, Cabbage), Fried Polenta with Veal Bolognese Sauce, Turkey Pot Pie Sauce

Honey's Sit 'n Eat
800 N 4th St, Philadelphia, PA 19123
mily restaurant is serving up Southern classics with Jewish flair. Guy thought the brisket Frito platter with twice-cooked brisket topped with corn chips was "incredibly enjoyable." The chicken chili Frito pie garnered praise for its guajillo chicken. Locals enjoy the matzo ball soup.Special Dishes: Frito Platter, Chicken Chili Frito Pie, Matzo Ball Soup

Starlite Lounge
364 Freeport Road, Blawnox, PA 15238
Pierogi and stuffed pepper soup might not be the first dishes that come to mind when someone thinks of a bar outside of Pittsburgh, but the Starlite Lounge has attracted locals for over 50 years. When Guy tried the Chicken Diablo, he said that owner Ron Esser's homegrown peppers were ''dynamite.''Special Dishes: Pierogis, Stuffed Green Pepper Soup, Chicken Diablo

Crystal On Penn (UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP)
1211 Penn Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15222
on Penn in Pittsburgh may have changed hands since appearing on DDD, but never fear — the menu is still the same mix of American classics and authentic Lebanese cuisine. Guy loved the stuffed grape leaves, and he devoured the lamb shish kabob in record time.Special Dishes: Hummus, Tabbouli, Kibbee

Silk City Diner
435 Spring Garden St, Philadelphia, PA 19123
felong foodie, Mark Bee offers more than just the standard diner fare at his joint. Guy was left impressed by menu items such as duck confit spring rolls and pulled pork empanadas. “That is an orchestra right there; that’s a medley of just great flavor,” Guy said of the empanadas. They start with fresh ham, which is cooked down with a mix of chili powders and spices, then shredded and layered with sweet potatoes; they're finished in a fried dough pocket slicked with a chipotle-honey glaze.Special Dishes: Pork Empanadas

Daddypops
232 N. York Rd., Hatboro, PA 19040
ove of potatoes is no match for Daddypops' customers. Each day Daddypops goes through nearly 200 pounds of potatoes for its beloved home fries. Since opening in 1953, Daddypops still keeps its menu old school with dishes like Philadelphia-style scrapple and scrumptious deep-fried Oreos.Special Dishes: Scrapple, Turkey Salad, Deep-Fried Oreos

Big Jim's in "The Run"
201 Saline St, Pittsburgh, PA 15207
Jim's in "The Run," diners rarely leave hungry. The signature veal Parmesan sandwich nearly matches the width of Guy's head, which Guy deemed "ridiculous." The hefty portion sizes don't end there. Big Jim's calzone packs a punch with ham, salami, capocollo, pepperoni, provolone and veggies.Special Dishes: Reuben, Big Jim's Club

Lo Bello's
809 5th Ave, Coraopolis, PA 15108
arted as a hot dog stand in 1944 has become a local legend. Guy swung by Lo Bello's for the ravioli and gnocchi handmade the old-school way and bursting with great meat flavor. With each bite of ravioli, Guy kept asking for more, admitting he could eat the delicious pasta all daySpecial Dishes: Spaghetti, Gnocchi, Ravioli

Dor-Stop Restaurant
1430 Potomac Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15216
rgh locals know when it's time for breakfast, it's time for Dor-Stop. On Triple D, Guy swung by this family operation serving sweet pumpkin hotcakes and crunchy raspberry French toast. For egg lovers, try Jumbot, a mix of eggs, sausage, green bell peppers and "anything you would want."Special Dishes: Peanut Butter and Pumpkin Pancakes, Dor-Stop Burger, Steak & Cheese Hoagie

Good Dog Bar & Restaurant
224 S 15th St, Philadelphia, PA 19102-3806
s inside a 100-year-old building and finds the comfort food joint is filled with "mean libations, and the food's on point." You'll get upscale comfort dishes like stuffed burgers on brioche, truffled cheesesteak empanadas and duck confit pot pie. It's good food, good beer and great staff.Special Dishes: Duck Pot Pie, Truffle Cheesesteak Empanadas, Stuffed Burgers

Memphis Taproom
2331 East Cumberland St, Philadelphia, PA 19125
Taproom diners are used to the unique menu from Chef Jesse Kimball. But Guy's Triple D visit left him totally wowed. The watermelon, arugula and pork belly salad was just like a "picnic basket" in Guy's mouth -- but the vegan Smoked Coconut Club with tomato mayo was completely off the hook.Special Dishes: Smoked Coconut Club

Pineville Tavern
Route 413 Durham Rd, Pineville, PA 18946
mily owned and operated diner is famous for its Snapper Soup. Guy recommends this "savory" gravylike soup, which has chewy chunks of snapper turtle, to those who want to try something different. Pasta lovers should come here for the "perfectly balanced" handmade ravioli and marinara sauce.Special Dishes: Snapper Soup, Ravioli and Marinara Sauce

Geechee Girl Rice Cafe
6825 Germantown Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19119
hee Girl Rice Cafe; in Mount Airy, Pa., owner Valerie Erwin's most popular dish is her take on North African chicken. Guy was surprised that the chicken was ''light but well-rounded,'' and he said the greens were up there with the best greens he's ever had. Also try the pulled pork with slaw.Special Dishes: North African Chicken, Pulled Pork

Jamaican Jerk Hut
1436 South St, Philadelphia, PA 19146
isa Wilson and the rest of the staff at the Jamaican Jerk Hut pride themselves on authenticity — it's the only Jamaican restaurant in the area with a charcoal jerk pit. Guy chowed down on the ''melt-in-your mouth'' jerk chicken, complete with a sauce made with Scotch bonnet peppers.Special Dishes: Jerk Chicken

Standard Tap
901 N 2nd St, Philadelphia, PA 19123
The menu at Standard Tap in Philadelphia is far from standard — for example, check out the grilled octopus served with an oregano potato salad. There's also chicken pie (no pot necessary), covered in a flaky pastry crust that left Guy yearning for more.Special Dishes: Grilled Octopus with Oregano Potato Salad, Chicken Pie

Percy Street Barbecue
900 South St, Philadelphia, PA 19147
treet BBQ has built up a reputation for having some of the best barbecue in Philadelphia, and Guy needed only one word to describe the ribs: ''ridiculous.'' Owner Erin O'Shea also serves up unconventional (but still delicious) fare, like a pork belly sandwich.Special Dishes: Barbecue Ribs, Pork Belly Sandwich, Brisket Sandwich

South Philadelphia Tap Room
1509 Mifflin St, Philadelphia, PA 19145
uth Philly neighborhood bar takes the beloved PB&J to the next level by breading it with frosted flakes and then deep-frying it. Guy loved the "big flavor" from the ricotta donuts and was surprised by the "outrageous" taste of the wild boar head cheese tacos with homemade salsa and guacamole.Special Dishes: Fried PB&J, Ricotta Donuts, Wild Boar Head Cheese Tacos

Sidecar Bar and Grille
2201 Christian St, Philadelphia, PA 19146
Sidecar Bar & Grille, head chef Brian Lofink put his own spin on New England clam chowder by adding gnocchi to the mix. The result is a dish that left Guy so amazed that he declared it ''literally one of the best gnocchi dishes" ever.Special Dishes: New England Clam Chowder with Gnocchi


Rhode-island

Louis Family Restaurant
286 Brook St, Providence, RI 02906
dy to go onboard at the Louis Family Restaurant with the BBQ chicken ravioli that Guy says has "16 tickets to Flavortown" - it's made from scratch with 16 ingredients. You'll get big portions of really delicious food, from the meatloaf dinner or lasagna to the grilled pumpkin muffins.Special Dishes: Barbecued Chicken Ravioli, Granola Pancakes, Meatloaf, Grilled Pumpkin Muffins

Crazy Burger Cafe & Juice Bar
144 Boon St, Narragansett, RI 02882
y visited Crazy Burger Cafe & Juice Bar, he marveled at the menu featuring more than 30 burgers, including the roasted tempeh Poco Loco Vegan Burger or the Mahi Mahi Taco Burger. But Guy couldn't resist the Whassupy Burger made with melted Brie cheese and a sesame-fennel-wasabi spice mix.Special Dishes: Whassupy Burger, Luna-Sea Fish Burge, Vegan Tofu Tacos, Mega Berry Smoothie

The Liberty Elm Diner
777 Elmwood Ave., Providence, RI 02907
y does The Liberty Elm Diner succeed in serving dynamite clam chowder, but they also excel in griddling perfect johnnycakes (Rhode Island is the center of the johnnycake universe). Guy loved the cakes and couldn’t leave without trying the official state drink: coffee milk.Special Dishes: Johnnycake, Roasted Turkey Sandwich

Evelyn's Drive In
2335 Main Rd, Tiverton, RI 02878
yn's Drive In, you'll find great local favorites and scenic views of Nanaquaket Pond. The eatery is famous for fried clams and the traditional Rhode Island Clam Chowder that adds cream at the end. Guy couldn't believe the Lobster Chow Mein and joked, "As wrong as it is, it's right."Special Dishes: Rhode Island Chowder, Fried Clams, Clam Cakes, Lobster Chow Mein

Edgewood Cafe
1864 Broad St, Cranston, RI 02905
dive, Chef John Walsh is serving up classic comfort food with a gourmet twist. The littlenecks over pasta and served with toaster points was Guy’s favorite. Loyal customers order the fish and chips and garlic fries and a mud pie for dessert.Special Dishes: Little Necks over Pasta, Fish and Chips, Garlic Fries

Aunt Carrie's
1240 Ocean Rd, Narragansett, RI 02882
day out on the beach, stop in at this third-generation family-owned diner for some fresh seafood classics. Guy loved the clam cakes, which he said were "simply done and done to perfection." For dessert Guy recommends the homemade strawberry shortcake. Locals like the fresh steamers.Special Dishes: Clam Cakes, Strawberry Shortcakes, Fresh Steamers

Three Angels Diner
2617 Broad Ave, Memphis, TN 38112
kid-friendly diner the mom-and-pop duo are putting a fresh spin on American classics. The fried chicken with corn on the cob and turnip greens impressed Guy. Diners also like to order the adult grilled cheese with smoked Gouda, goat and cheddar cheese.Special Dishes: Adult Grilled Cheese, Fried Chicken

Anthony's Seafood
963 Aquidneck Ave, Middletown, RI 02842
you're a wholesale buyer, home chef or restaurant-goer, look no further than this market and restaurant where the seafood is always fresh. Guy loved the kick from the chourico and the "big clam flavor" he got from the stuffed quahogs. If you want something unique, try the Kung Pao calamari.Special Dishes: Stuffed Quahogs, Kung Pao Calamari

Italian Corner
10 Boyd Ave, East Providence, RI 02914
ing at this authentic Italian deli is from Italy including the recipes, the pasta machines and even the chef. The brasato sandwich special on a fresh-baked roll had Guy's mouth watering. If you come on the weekend for dinner, Guy suggests ordering the homemade tortellini bolognese with ragu.Special Dishes: Brasato Sandwich, Tortellini Bolognese

Angelo's Civita Farnese
141 Atwells Ave, Providence, RI 02903
staurant opened in 1924 and almost a century later they pump out the same delicious food. The braciola captured Guy's heart with its tender deep flavored pork on a bed of fresh pasta. Still hungry? Try the meatballs and fries smothered in marinara sauce.Special Dishes: Braciola, Meatballs

Mediterraneo Caffe
134 Atwells Ave, Providence, RI 02903
terraneo, real deal Italian food is made fresh daily by Chef Michele Calise. The spaghetti a la vongole, little neck and baby neck clams sauteed in white wine and served with white sauce, left Guy speechless. The chicken piccata is a local favorite.Special Dishes: Spaghetti a la Vongole, Chicken Piccata, Baby Neck Clams


South-carolina

The Farmer's Shed
2514 Augusta Hwy, Lexington, SC 29072
Inside The Farmer's Shed you'll find coconut cakes and pumpkin pies, as well as fried pork chops, Chicken Broccoli Supreme and even pot roast. But for Guy's Triple D visit, owner Shirley showed him the straight-from-the-farm cornbread, baked in a cast-iron skillet and topped with brown sugar.Special Dishes: Chicken Broccoli Supreme, Cornbread, Pumpkin Pie, Collard Greens, Shrimp and Grits with Tasso Gravy

Beacon Drive-In
255 John B. White Sr.  Blvd, Spartanburg, SC 29306
e's had a hamburger before, but how about a Hamburger-a-Plenty? It's a burger covered in fries and onion rings, and the only place to find it is at the Beacon Drive-In in Spartanburg, S.C. This 60-year-old institution also serves chili and chicken stew, which Guy thought was ''so good.''Special Dishes: Chili Cheeseburger A-Plenty (with Onion Rings and Fries Piled On), Beacon Iced Tea, Sliced Pork-A-Plenty, Onion Rings, Ice Cream at the "The Beacon Dairy Bar"

Early Bird Diner
1644 Savannah Hwy., Charleston, SC 29407
diner you can get breakfast for dinner or dinner for breakfast. According to Guy, "the savory, sweet, crunchy and salty" sensations from the chicken and waffles "seem so wrong, but are just so right." Locals appreciate the sweet and spicy kick from the pepper jelly on the fried pork chop.Special Dishes: Chicken and Waffles, Fried Pork Chop

Perfectly Frank's
118 N Main St, Summerville, SC 29483
At this hot dog dive, Chef Perry Cuda is topping wieners with some unusual choices like bananas and peanut butter. Guy enjoyed the Frank Cuda, a dog topped with chili, blue cheese slaw, applewood bacon, cheese and crispy onions. Locals recommend the sweet tea-marinated, fried pork chop sandwich.Special Dishes: Frank Cuda Dog, Pork Chop Sandwich

Harold's Restaurant
602 N. Limestone St., Gaffney, SC 29340
ipe for the chili burger (it's really a meatball sandwich) at Harold's Restaurant has remained unchanged for 75 years, and Tony Lipscomb loved it so much that he bought the place. You'll also find pinto beans with fatback (fresh fat from the pig's back) which Guy declared ''off the hook.''Special Dishes: Chili Burger, Pinto Beans with Fatback

Dixie Supply Bakery & Cafe
62 State St., Charleston, SC 29401
trick Woodham, knows how to make the locals happy with his scratch-made Southern-style food. The state street biscuit with sausage gravy, and chicken fried chicken wowed Guy. He also indulged in the shrimp BLT with fried green tomatoes and bacon. Locals love the bourbon bacon pecan pie.Special Dishes: Shrimp BLT, Bourbon Bacon Pecan Pie, Chicken Fried Chicken

Pawleys Front Porch
827 Harden St., Columbia, SC 29205
y and the Triple D crew headed out to visit Pawleys Front Porch, they were in for big burger flavor, done 10 different ways. The half-pound Fripp Island Burger gets loaded with a hefty smothering of "out-of-bounds" Boursin cheese and a crispy fried green tomato.Special Dishes: Roasted Jalapeno Pimento Cheese, Burgers, Fish Tacos

The Glass Onion
1219 Savannah Hwy, Charleston, SC 29407
restaurant, 5-star Southern food inspired by local ingredients is being served at 1-star prices. The fried chicken with collard greens and mashed potatoes is tender and "pull-apart good," according to Guy Fieri. For Buddy Valastro, the shrimp-and-grits plate is a winner. A sausage-studded gravy elevates this Southern staple into a “luscious dish with layers of flavor,” Buddy says.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken with Collard Greens, Smoked Pork Loin Po'Boy, Shrimp and Grits, Fried Quail

Fuel Cantina
211 Rutledge Ave, Charleston, SC 29403
rip to South Carolina was a "vacay" from Southern comfort food when he visited Fuel Cantina. Once a gas station, Fuel now boasts an eclectic patio with a Caribbean-inspired menu of spicy island flavors. Taste for yourself with the fiery jerk chicken sandwich or fall-apart pork tacos.Special Dishes: Jerk Chicken Sandwich

Tattooed Moose
1137 Morrison Dr, Charleston, SC 29403
husband and wife-run bar, they supply markers for drawing on the tables and serve delicious food. The Duck Club with duck confit, bacon, cheddar and garlic aioli proved to be a tasty mouthful for Guy. Locals love the "Lucky #1" Sub with pork belly, kimchi, wasabi mayo and sweet chili sauce.Special Dishes: Mike's Famous Duck Club, Lucky #1 Sub


Tennessee

Mas Tacos por Favor
732 Mcferrin Ave, Nashville 37206
Mas Tacos por Favor started in a 1974 Winnebago and has since become one of Nashville's favorite eateries, known and loved for serving scratch-made Mexican cuisine. Guy adored the holiday tamales and quinoa tacos. As for the pozole verde soup? He says, the "depth of the broth is ridiculous."Special Dishes: Pozole Verde Soup, Holiday Tamale

Center Point Pit Barbecue
1212 W Main St, Hendersonville 37075
At Center Point Pit Barbecue, owner Robert Duke smokes his pork until in turns "black as night." But as Guy learned on DDD, the holiday ham is unlike any other. After a four-day brine and a six-hour smoke, the ham is sprinkled with sugar and torched, resulting in a delicious "ham brittle," Guy says.Special Dishes: Holiday Ham (Sugar-Glazed Smoked Ham)

The Grilled Cheeserie
Roaming Food Truck, Nashville 37203
This food truck’s gourmet take on comfort food draws the crowds, but regulars say it’s worth the wait. The Pimento Mac & Chee has Guy dreaming of childhood. Served with tomato soup, this best-seller features pimento cheese, cheddar, macaroni, bacon bits and sliced tomato on country white bread.Special Dishes: Pimento Mac & Chee (Pimento Mac & Cheese Sandwich), Roasted Red Pepper Tomato Soup

Martin's Bar-B-Que Joint
7238 Nolensville Rd, Nolensville 37135
At Martin's Bar-B-Que Joint, to go "whole hog" literally means roasting a 200-pound hog in its entirety. The meat is hit with a signature blend of spices, then cooked over hickory wood for 24 hours, which Michael Symon said results in “the perfect bite of pork.” Michael’s favorite order is the whole hog platter accompanied by sides such as the bacon-studded broccoli salad and onion-flecked hushpuppies. The succulent meat also serves as the filling for the sliders, which made Guy Fieri a fan. He called the pork “beyond juicy and moist and flavorful.”Special Dishes: Whole Hog Platter, BBQ Sandwiches, Broccoli Salad, Hushpuppies, Redneck Taco

The Farmer (formerly Elegant Farmer), Memphis
262 S Highland St, Memphis, TN 38111
farm-to-table eatery Chef Mac Edwards buys his ingredients directly from the source. The pan-seared catfish with mac 'n' cheese and greens as well as the banh mi Guy called "outstanding." Guy got messy with the sloppy joe full of "big flavor." Locals love the country fried pork chops.Special Dishes: Pan-Seared Catfish with Mac 'n' Cheese, Sloppy Joe, Banh Mi

Marlowe's Ribs
4381 Elvis Presley Blvd., Memphis, TN 38116
ht not see locals at Graceland, but you'll definitely see them at Marlowe's Ribs. Like Guy, locals know they can call Marlowe's for a free pink-limo ride to the restaurant. Good thing too because Guy couldn't wait to try the Elvis favorite: ribs smothered in Marlowe's tangy barbecue sauce.Special Dishes: BBQ Dry Rub, Black Magic, Baby Back Ribs

Alcenia's
317 N Main St., Memphis, TN 38103
re from Memphis, you may have already heard of Alcenia's famous "Cha Cha" cabbage relish or the sweet potato cobbler. Guy swooped in on this mother-daughter operation for Triple D (as did the Neelys). Locals claim it's true Memphis cooking and Guy had this to say: "Mmm, that's good."Special Dishes: Sweet Potato Cobbler, Egg Custard Pie, Salmon Croquettes, Fried Chicken, Ham and Cheese Omelette

Phat Bites
2730 b. Lebanon Pike, Donelson 37214
Guy loves Phat Bites’ Long Life Salad served on a bed of kale with black-eyed peas, Christmas lima beans, black beans, split lentils, red quinoa, pecans, dried cranberries, gold raisins, plums, mangoes and a citrus vinaigrette. Prefer a sandwich? Try the Big Jerk with jerk pork, cheese and onions.Special Dishes: Long Life Salad

55 South
403 Main St, Franklin 37064
55 South serves up traditional Southern dishes like the Nashville Hot Chicken and the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya. But the fresh seafood served here is also a major highlight. Guy loves the “wood smoke component” of the char-grilled oysters topped with garlic-lemon butter and Parmesan.Special Dishes: Nashville Hot Chicken, Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya, Char Grilled Oysters

Caffe Nonna
4427 Murphy Rd, Nashville 37209
Guy heads to Caffe Nonna for a rustic Italian meal, and nothing on the menu is more rustic than the Lasagna Nonna. This delectable eight-layer dish is filled with butternut squash, spinach, pasta, ricotta and sauteed Swiss chard, and it's finished off with two sauces and lots of cheese.Special Dishes: Lasagna Nonna

Rizzo's Diner
106 E GE Patterson Ave, Memphis, TN 38103
upscale diner, Chef Michael Patrick is reinventing Southern comfort food. The savory chorizo meatloaf juxtaposed with tangy green tomato gravy tantalized Guy's taste buds, while the lobster pronto pups had a light batter and perfectly tender meat.Special Dishes: Chorizo Meatloaf, Lobster Pronto Pups

Pizza Palace
3132 E Magnolia Ave, Knoxville, TN 37914
-in pizzeria that also sells onion rings and salads is a rather odd combination, but the Pizza Palace has been a Knoxville, Tenn., staple for decades. Their spaghetti is served with a homemade meat sauce, created by owners Sam and Charlie Peroulas, that almost left Guy speechless.Special Dishes: Pizza, Meat Sauce

Little Tea Shop
69 Monroe Avenue, Memphis, TN 38103
hair may be from Jerusalem, but she can cook Southern food "like no other." Her fried chicken, which Guy describes as light and crispy, has a secret Middle Eastern twist. The menu rotates during the week, but crowd-pleasers like corn sticks and poppin' Johns are served fresh daily.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken, Poppin' Johns, Corn Sticks

Cozy Corner
745 N. Pkwy., Memphis, TN 38105
rner knows its Tennessee barbecue and locals come in droves for their ribs, wings and smoked sausage. But Guy was caught off-guard by their equally tasty whole chickens and bologna barbecue sandwiches. The real kicker? Cornish hens. Guy says you'll just have to come over and get your own.Special Dishes: Smoked Sausage, Bologna Barbecue Sandwich

Athens Family Restaurant
2526 Franklin Pike, Nashville 37204
At Athens Family Restaurant, owner Adel Elostta aims for the "best quality for the money." As Guy learned, that meant giant bacon lamb burgers (made with their "love spice" blend), gargantuan Greek suzukakia meatballs and kotopita, a tasty chicken turnover Guy called his kind of breakfast.Special Dishes: Bacon and Lamb Burgers, Kotopita, Avgolemono Soup

Arnold's Country Kitchen
605 8th Ave S, Nashville 37203
The "Meat & 3" (entree and three vegetables) at Arnold's Country Kitchen is arguably the best in Nashville, especially with the roast beef. In 2009, they even won a James Beard award. But Guy swung over not for the roast beef but for the plump chicken dumplings and "super tasty”"turnip greens.Special Dishes: Southern Greens, Chess Pie, Cornbread, Black-Eyed Peas, Sliced Fresh Tomatoes, Country Fried Steak

Tom's Bar-B-Q
4087 New Getwell Rd., Memphis, TN 38118
raws the crowds with a special Mediterranean twist on barbecue. They slather a Greek-inspired spice rub featuring thyme, oregano, pickling spice, celery salt and more on everything from brisket to turkey, including the signature rib tips, which Guy calls "some of the best barbecue' around.Special Dishes: Pork Rib Tips, Pulled Pork, Brisket, Ribs

Leonard's Pit Barbecue
5465 Fox Plaza Dr., Memphis, TN 38115
's Pit Barbecue owner Dan Brown says if you visit for dinner you'll experience the same delicious recipes passed down from "last century" to "last week"  Open since 1922, this iconic Memphis, Tenn., eatery has loads of fans, like Guy, who called the chopped pork sandwich "all-star barbecue."Special Dishes: Chopped Pork Sandwich, Sweet Mustard Coleslaw, Onion Ring Batter, Pulled Pork

Uncle Lou's
3633 Millbranch Rd, Memphis, TN 38116
ing goes that if Colonel Sanders had Uncle Lou's fried chicken recipe, he'd be a general. On The Best Thing I Ever Ate, Guy loved Lou's "crazy" fried chicken that's dipped into a sauce once called "Corruption." Now, thanks to Guy, it has been rechristened Sweet Spicy Love.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken, Monster Burger

Jamaicaway
900 Rosa L Parks Blvd, Nashville 37208
It's all authentic and homemade at this Jamaican hole-in-the-wall. The silky ackee and salt-fish intrigued Guy, and he enjoyed the crunchy fried chicken with mango chutney sauce and munching on the coconut drops. Customers praise the curried goat and oxtail stew.Special Dishes: Crunch Fried Chicken, Curried Goat, Oxtail Stew

Savarino's Cucina
2121 Belcourt Ave, Nashville 37212
When Guy visited this Italian eatery on Triple D, he found one-of-a-kind homemade fettuccine that is rolled not with a pasta machine but a broomstick. Also worth a try: any of Savarino's signature sandwiches, of which there are over a dozen, paired with cantaloupe Italian ice for dessert.Special Dishes: Fettuccine, Cantaloupe Italian Ice

Cafe Rakka
71A New Shackle Island Rd., Hendersonville 37075
Cafe Rakka is no ordinary restaurant. Rather, it's a "Nashville-Mediterranean-Indian experience in Music City," according to Guy, where you'll find country music legends among the regulars. Try the filet mignon kebabs, cooked on a sizzling Himalayan salt block, for a flavor-packed meal.Special Dishes: Lamb Rakka, Hummus, Baba Ghanoush, Falafel and Tabbouleh

Bro's Cajun Cuisine
3214 Charlotte Ave, Nashville 37209
You don't normally think about Cajun food in Nashville except when the owners come from Louisiana, like they do at Bro's Cajun Cuisine. Get the gumbo, red beans and rice, crawfish cooked in fiery red spices or the Cajun-style pork chops. If the locals say "it is true Cajun food," then it's gotta be!Special Dishes: Crawfish Boil with House Smoked Sausage, Bro's "Cajun" Stuffed Pork Chops

South of Beale (SOB)
361 S Main St, Memphis, TN 38103
d at this gastropub is cheap and in some cases free, but it all tastes great. One of the signature dishes is the duck fried rice, which Guy was crazy about and it costs only $5. Guy also liked the free and addictive house seasoned popcorn. Try the Jack and Coke bread pudding too.Special Dishes: Duck Fried Rice, Jack and Coke Bread Pudding


Texas

La Colonial Tortilla Factory
212 N Copia St, El Paso, TX 79905
Only a few miles from the Mexico border sits this family-run tortilla factory that’s been churning out fresh corn tortillas since 1973. Most of the tortillas they make—up to 1,000 per day—are sold to other local restaurants, but they also serve fresh Mexican dishes in house as well, like the Picadillo Tostada. Ground beef is cooked with tomatoes, jalapenos, green beans and a mix of spices before it’s added to a crisp tortilla along with beans and a house-made chile con queso. The tostada is then topped with cheese and fresh lettuce for an added crunch.Special Dishes: Picadillo Tostada, Tamales

Delight
502 N Oregon Suite A, El Paso, TX 79901
After meeting at El Paso’s culinary school, the chef-owners of this international joint decided to open a place downtown serving up the dishes they grew up with, like pupusas from El Salvador. These arepa-like breads are made from fine ground masa and are and stuffed with house-made Salvadorian chicharron, a spiced ground pork. Three come in a serving, but you won’t want to stop there: “I could have 500 of these,” Guy said.Special Dishes: Pupusas, Chickpea Fries

Desert Oak Barbecue
320 North Zaragosa Suite 105, El Paso, TX 79936
The incredible flavors in this barbecue joint’s meats come from their specialty smoker, which runs on 100% oak wood fire. In addition to traditional barbecue cuts like brisket, they’re making serious sausages they call the Texas Hot Gut. Beef and pork are ground together with a house-made spice paste before being piped into natural casings. The links are then cold smoked for four hours to give them the perfect texture. “No dainty little sausage here, that’s meaty,” Guy said.Special Dishes: El Paso Stuffed Potato, Texas Hot Gut Sausage

Lick It Up
204 E. Rio Grande Ave, El Paso, TX 79902
When owner Edgar Delfin had trouble finding great-tasting vegan options in Texas, he created his own. Everything on the menu of this taco truck is 100% plant-based. Guy loved the Milanese Torta: Delfin makes his own seitan steak—a plant protein made from wheat gluten—which he then coats in panko and deep fries. The sandwich comes together on torta bread by stacking a layer of black beans, the fried seitan patty, cabbage and fresh tomatoes, and is topped with avocado crema and vegan mayo. Even as a meat lover, Guy was impressed: “You get such great texture in that seitan,” he said.Special Dishes: Vegan Milanese Torta, Flautas

Tasty Kabob
110 N Mesa St D, El Paso
After managing a restaurant for 29 years, Eshi Henry decided to open a place of her own so she could bring authentic Persian food to Texas. Her kabobs are made on a special machine dedicated to shaping spiced meats. “The machine is scary, but it makes a bomb kabob,” Guy said. Don't miss the Beef Koobideh: seasoned beef kabobs served with crispy Persian rice (called tadig) and a shallot-yogurt sauce.Special Dishes: Beef Koobideh, Ghrome Sabzi

Pieous
166 Hargraves Dr h, Austin, Texas 78737
Pieous is known for their killer pastrami sandwiches. The meat is cured for 20 days, smoked and then piled high on house-made sour dough bread. “I’ll take three of those to go,” said Guy. He was also floored by the caramel rolls which were made with a labor-intensive buttery croissant dough. “That is what every cinnamon roll wants to be,” he said.

Holy Roller
509 Rio Grande St, Austin, TX 78701
This rock-and-roll bar serves up brunch and a chill atmosphere all day long. Try the Meatloaf Sandwich made with a unique layer of crispy Parmesan and horseradish sauce. For the adventurous there’s the Monte Bisco, their take on the Monte Cristo, made with house-made biscuits dusted with powdered sugar, sweet tea-brined turkey, bologna, blackberry-thyme jam and aerated Swiss cheese sauce. “It’s a beacon of funk ... but it’s delicious,” said Guy.Special Dishes: Meatloaf Sandwich, Monte Bisco

SLAB BBQ & Beer
9012 Research Blvd C4, Austin, TX 78758
This barbecue joint is making incredible sandwiches in a 90s, hip hop atmosphere. Here Guy finds the very first rib sandwich in the history of DDD. The McDowell is made with their deboned smoked ribs, their Soul-Glo sauce, pickles and onions. “The angels in Flavortown are crying,” said Guy.Special Dishes: McDowell, El Jefe

OneTaco
2900 W Anderson Ln. Suite K, Austin, TX 78757
Chef and owner Tony Avila and co-owner Axel Beverido have brought all the best bites from an authentic taco truck to a strip mall in Austin. Guy called their Taco Yucateco, with braised pork, black beans, pickled onions and bittersweet onions, the “real deal.”Special Dishes: Taco Yucateco, Gringa al Pastor

Luna Rosa Puerto Rican Grill y Tapas
2603 SE Military Dr #106, San Antonio, TX 78223
After teaching for 25 years, Chef Iris Ornelas followed her passion and opened a restaurant that celebrated her Puerto Rican heritage. Her Caribbean Nachos are made with crispy fried plantains, instead of chips and are topped with roast pork, beans, cheese and chili sauce. Also, try their unique Chuleta Kan-Kan which is an extremely large fried pork chop with the rib attached. Guy had never seen anything like it.Special Dishes: Caribbean Nachos, Chuleta Kan-Kan

Ma Harper's Creole Kitchen
816 N. New Braunfels Ave, San Antonio, TX 78208
Patrons head to Ma Harper’s Creole Kitchen for some of the most-authentic New Orleans cuisine outside of New Orleans. Alice Martinez "Ma Harper", now in her 80s, got into the restaurant business after retiring from the nearby air force base. She learned to cook by feeding her 15 siblings while growing up in New Orleans.Special Dishes: Gumbo, Fried Pork Chop

Dignowity Meats
1701 E. Houston St., San Antonio, TX 78202
Dignowity Meats is what happens when an East Coast boy falls in love with barbecue but misses his classic deli sandwiches. Chef Andrew Samia merges these two into his Burnt End Melt. Guy called the combo of hickory smoked prime angus brisket, mac and cheese, sliced pear and cheddar cheese, “a lethal weapon.” “You’d have to register this in Flavortown,” he mused.Special Dishes: Burnt End Melt, Reuben

Fat Tummy
2922 W Commerce St, San Antonio, TX 78207
Chef Gustavo Plache and Norah Saleh, a husband and wife team from Argentina, are churning out their signature “fat tummy” empanadas in San Antonio. These extra-large hot dough pockets are filled with all kinds of savory and sweet ingredients. “You’re the example of the America story,” said Guy. “That’s why we do Triple-D.”Special Dishes: Spicy Chicken, Humita, Guava and Cream Cheese

Wrigleyville
602 NW LP 410, San Antonio, TX 78216
Diners head to Wrigleyville for a legit taste of Chicago in San Antonio. Chef Demetrios Tingas, aka Jimmy, spent 41 years in Chicago and brought his hometown staples with him when he moved south. “That’s as close as it is to the original,” Guy said between bites of the Famous Italian Beef.Special Dishes: Famous Italian Beef, Chili Cheese Fries

CrushCraft Thai Street Eats
2800 Routh St, Suite 150, Dallas, TX 75201
For a passport to Thailand in Texas head to Jack Nuchjasem’s CrushCraft. Chef Nuchjasem is channeling the flavors he loved growing up near Bangkok into his authentic dishes. “That’s one of the best curries I have ever had,” Guy said after tasting the Green Thai Curry.Special Dishes: Green Thai Curry, Green Papaya Salad, Drunken Noodles

Whistle Britches
6110 Frankford Rd, Dallas, TX 75252
Chef Omar Flores is dishing out comfort food with a Southern spin and making some seriously crispy fried chicken at Whistle Britches. The Hot Dang is their Nashville-style hot chicken served on thick Texas toast, with cool dill ranch and house-made pickles. Their chicken and waffles are served with a drizzle of jalapeno hot honey, house-made sausage gravy and a wedge of watermelon. “That’s wrong in so many ways that it makes it right,” Guy said of the dish.Special Dishes: Hot Dang, Chicken N’ Waffles

One90 Smoked Meats
10240 E. Northwest Highway, Dallas, TX 75238
Guy’s been to more BBQ joints than most people so when one impresses him it’s worth trying. Chef and Owner Kyle St. Clair’s brisket was so tender that Guy remarked, “You don’t even need a knife; you can cut that with a bad look.” Have it on the Spicy Brisket Sandwich which is layered on a brioche bun with a roasted poblano, in-house smoked cheddar, pickles and red onion.Special Dishes: Spicy Brisket Sandwich, D.L.T

Nora Restaurant and Bar
1928 Greenville Ave, Dallas, TX 75206
Chef Matt Pikar’s restaurant is the first Afghan place Guy has visited on DDD. The cuisine is redolent of spices like turmeric, cardamom and saffron. Guy loved the tender lamb shanks served over fragrant basmati rice and topped with raisins, carrots, pistachios and slivered almonds. The Kofta Chalao, Afghan meatballs, were another feast of spice and flavor.Special Dishes: Lamb Shank with Qabili Palao, Kofta Chalao

Tacos Mariachi
602 Singleton Blvd, Dallas, TX 75212
Chef Jesus Carmona is serving up real-deal Tijuana street tacos and more in Dallas. His grilled octopus tacos are topped with a spicy pesto salsa and cooled with avocado and cheese. The chef was inspired to make his signature Mole Fries by a vendor selling potato chips dipped in mole. His version substitutes crispy fries topped with house-made mole, crema fresca and cotija cheese. “I came here for tacos, I’ll come back for the fritas,” gushed Guy.Special Dishes: Pulpo Tacos, Mole Fries

Tutta's Pizza
1701 N. Market St Ste #110, Dallas, TX 75202
At Tutta’s there’s a pizza for every appetite but they’re known for their smoked-meat topped creations. The Texan features smoked brisket topped with their house-made barbeque sauce, red onions, pepperoncini peppers and melted mozzarella cheese.Special Dishes: The Texan Pizza

La Panadería
305 Broadway St, San Antonio, TX 78209
This bakery in San Antonio aims to transport you back to Mexico City circa 1950. The Mexico City-raised owners Jose Cáceres and David Cáceres are cranking out authentic bread and pastries like Guy has never had. Guy’s sons join him to make the bakery’s best seller, the Tequila-Almond Croissants.

Cuchara Restaurant
214 Fairview St, Houston, TX 77006
Guy wasn’t prepared for the depth of authenticity he would experience at Cuchara. The real-deal Mexican flavors and attention to detail permeated every dish. He raved about the four-color handmade tortillas and the tacos chelo, potato-stuffed tacos topped with tangy green salsa, calling them “one of the top 10 tacos” he has ever had. He left calling it “an outrageous experience.” Special Dishes: Tacos Crujientes de Jamaica, Tacos Chelo

Home Slice Pizza
1415 S Congress Ave, Austin 78745
Home Slice draws the Austin crowds with its New York-style pizzas, which have proven to be so popular that the joint sells 1,000 pies daily. Fans include Tim Love, who frequents the spot for its pepperoni and white slices. Home Slice’s pepperoni pie is slathered with a rich layer of tomato sauce, dusted with oregano, then hit with a flurry of Parmesan, provolone and mozzarella cheeses before being finished with perfect rounds of pepperoni. The white pizza features a layer of provolone and mozzarella cheeses studded with chopped garlic, mounds of baked ricotta cheese and heaps of blanched spinach. “It tastes like the most amazing sauteed spinach you’ve ever had in your life,” Love says.Special Dishes: Pepperoni Pizza, White Pizza

Cool Runnings Jamaican Grill
8270 W Bellfort Blvd, Houston, TX 77071
Chef-Owner Terron Henry delivers an authentic taste of his native Jamaica with spice-laden dishes that sing with traditional island flavors. Guy said the curried goat will make a convert out of anyone. “That is some of the most tender, flavorful and balanced curried goat I’ve ever had,” Guy declared after tucking into the meat. Henry marinates the goat with a heat-packed blend of housemade wet jerk and Madras curry powder, then cooks the meat in a seasoned curry sauce studded with carrots, onions and potatoes. A trio of sides (rice, cabbage and plantains) round out the plate. The exquisitely seasoned oxtails are another popular pick. Special Dishes: Curried Goat, Oxtail

The Original Marini's Empanada House
10001 Westheimer, Ste 2570, Houston, TX 77042
Husband-and-wife team Marcello and Pelusa Marini have perfected the art of the fried pastries that are a staple of their home country. They opened their first restaurant back in 1971 after immigrating to the United States from Argentina, and continue to draw the crowds today with their homemade empanadas. The menu is crowded with dozens of options stuffed with fillings both sweet and savory, but for a taste of an Argentinean classic, Guy recommends the beef gaucho empanada. The ground beef is artfully seasoned, layered with olives and then enveloped in a light and airy dough before being plunged into the deep fryer.Special Dishes: Beef Gaucho Empanada, Chicken Diablo Empanada, Hot Tia Maria Empanada

Q-Shi
1491 Spring Cypress Rd, Spring, TX 77373
Chef-Owner Raymond Aker combines two seemingly disparate cuisines — sushi and barbecue — to make distinctive dishes that sing with bold, bright flavors. Take the surf-and-turf roll, for instance. The rice-wrapped roll is stuffed with snow crab, tempura-battered shrimp and avocado, then topped with a hefty slice of smoked brisket and spicy jalapeno slivers. The dish comes drenched in a wasabi-laced dressing that Guy says balances out the flavors. Also try the crisp, golden fries that come heaped with two Korean classics: bulgogi and kimchi.Special Dishes: Surf-and-Turf Roll, Kimchi Fries

Smoke Shack
714 Broadway, San Antonio 78209
Even in a state full of barbecue joints, this one stands out for its Big Mac Daddy. Layer upon layer of pulled pork and brisket are heaped onto a 24-inch bun, then loaded with sausage links, smothered with 2 kinds of sauces and crowned with 4 scoops of meat-studded macaroni and cheese for a seven-pound behemoth.Special Dish: The Big Mac Daddy


Utah

Purgatory
62 East 700 South, Salt Lake City, UT 84111
Purgatory is a funky spot in Salt Lake City that merges Asian and American flavors to raise the bar on bar food. Owner and chef Hiro Tagai takes standard bar food and adds his own spin. For the Pork Nigiri, marinated, cooked pork is wrapped around sushi rice, topped with eel sauce and torched. Pickled mustard seed surrounds the pork like roe and the dish is garnished with chives, leeks and house-made chili oil. “It’s something you’ll never find in another restaurant,” said Guy.Special Dishes: Pork Belly Nigiri, Short Rib Grilled Cheese

Laziz Kitchen
912 Jefferson St. W, Salt Lake City, UT 84101
Chef Moudi Sbeity and husband Derek Kitchen run this spot unique Lebanese spot in Salt Lake City. Eating here is like taking a culinary tour of Lebanon, say diners.Special Dishes: Mediterranean Platter, Shish Tawook Wrap

Proper Burger Company
865 Main St., Salt Lake City, UT 84111
Brothers Rio and Liam Connelly and their friend Andrew Tendick started Proper Burger Company next to their craft brewery to feed hungry beer lovers. Chef Jeff Springer is making burger magic with their brew including the dynamite Rarebit Sauce which is infused with their house beer and two cheeses and then draped over a double stacked burger.Special Dishes: Pork City Burger, Rarebit Burger

Hruska's Kolaches
2030 South 900 East, Salt Lake City, UT 84105
Chef and Owner Devin Hruska and her brothers opened Hruska's Kolaches to bring their favorite Czech stuffed pastry to Salt Lake City.Special Dishes: Sausage and Gravy, Raspberry Cream

Finn's Cafe
1624 1100 E, Salt Lake City, UT 84105
Chef and owner Finn Gurholt Jr. is carrying on his father’s tradition of serving American cuisine with a Scandinavian twist at Finn’s Cafe. Customers rave about the classic Weinerschnitzel and the Jule Kake French Toast, which is made with a traditional Norwegian Christmas bread with raisins, citron and cardamom.Special Dishes: Weinerschnitzel,  Jule Kake French Toast

Curry Pizza
2927 South 5600 West D, West Valley City, UT 84120
At Curry Pizza, Chef and owner Bhinda Singh combines classic Indian sauces and toppings with his thin and crispy naan-based pizza dough.Special Dishes: Bhinda Special, Glazed Paneer

The Blue Plate Diner
2041 S 2100 E, Salt Lake City, UT 84108
e Plate Diner prides itself on homemade food, a sentiment that is clearly evident in their popular corned beef hash and smoked salmon — both are done completely in-house. Guy was impressed by their Mexican dishes, such as tamales and pork chili verde.Special Dishes: Corned Beef Hash, Smoked Salmon, Omelet

Pat's BBQ
155 West Commonwealth Ave., Salt Lake City 84115
Who says great barbecue is reserved for the South? At Pat's BBQ in Salt Lake City, Pitmaster Pat Barber is what Guy calls a "culinary gangster" because of his unbeatable briskets, chickens and sausages that he smokes for 10 hours at a time, or as Guy put it, "cha-ching money."Special Dishes: Pulled Pork, Ribs, Burnt Ends

Lone Star Taqueria
2265 E Fort Union Boulevard, Salt Lake City, UT 84121
Lone Star Taqueria near Salt Lake City always attracts the crowds — Guy said ''it felt like [he] walked into a fiesta.'' Locals love the carne adovada burritos and steak tacos made by Manuel Valdez and his brother. Guy was amazed by the shrimp burrito, calling it ''nothin' but happy.''Special Dishes: Adovada Burrito, Shrimp Burrito

Moochie's Meatballs and More
232 E 800 South, Salt Lake City, UT 84111
When Philadelphia native Joanna Rendi moved to Salt Lake City, she wasn't happy with the quality of the sandwich shops in the area — so she made Moochie's Meatballs. Guy says the meatball sub will ''knock your head off.'' Also try the authentic Philly cheese steak with Joanna's marinara sauce.Special Dishes: Meatball Subs, Philly-Style Cheesesteak, Eggplant Parmigiana Sandwich

Oh Mai Vietnamese Sandwich
6093 S Highland Dr, Salt Lake City, UT 84121
You can expect real-deal Vietnamese food at Oh Mai. The garlic-butter rib-eye steak topped with veggies, mayo and black pepper-onion vinaigrette is a must-try. The brisket pho is also a standout. Guy likes to put Thai basil, jalapeno, bean sprouts, lime juice and Sriracha in his for the perfect pho.Special Dishes: Garlic-butter Ribeye Steak, Brisket Pho

Silver Star Cafe
1825 Three Kings Dr, Park City, UT 84060
s eclectic menu and prime spot by the Silver Star chairlift, this cafe is a great place to eat after skiing. Locals rave about the pork osso bucco and the vegetarian mushroom stroganoff. Guy can’t resist the pork belly with braised white beans, caramelized apples and Carolina BBQ sauce.Special Dishes: Crispy Pork Belly, Pork Osso Bucco, Vegetarian Mushroom Stroganoff

Sammy's Bistro
1890 Bonanza Dr, Park City, UT 84060
ps by Sammy’s Bistro to try the gourmet items that can be had at affordable prices. He marvels at the creativity of dishes like the savory chicken bowl, featuring tender chicken coated in spices, and the “Chivito” Club Sandwich composed of pork tenderloin, fried eggs and other tasty fillings.Special Dishes: "Chivito" Club Sandwich, Savory Chicken Bowl

Tin Roof Grill
9284 S 700 E, Sandy, UT 84070
f Grill offers a little bit of everything: pizzas, burgers and even Asian-influenced appetizers. Take Guy’s lead and start with the croquettes stuffed with gooey cheddar cheese and succulent bits of smoked Canadian bacon. Then dig into a decadent pizza topped with pesto, white bean puree and tender slices of flat-iron steak. Finish with a slice of the raspberry charlotte cheesecake, which features a pound-cake crust and a creamy filling studded with fresh berries.Special Dishes: Croquettes, White Bean and Steak Pizza, Raspberry Charlotte Cheesecake

Maxwell’s East Coast Eatery
357 S Main St, Salt Lake City, UT 84111
cken Parmigiano is one of Maxwell’s most-popular items; it features chicken that is lightly breaded and sauteed, topped with mozzarella, then served with Mom Mom’s Gravy (marinara sauce) and a side of fettuccine. Guy loves the 10-ounce meatball you can add to any of your pastas.Special Dishes: 10oz Meatball, Chicken Parmigiano

Aristo’s Greek Cuisine
224 S 1300 E, Salt Lake City, UT 84102
ngs by Aristo’s for old-school Greek cuisine with a modern twist. He swears the grilled octopus drizzled with Cretan extra virgin olive oil and lemon will make a convert of anyone. The lamb tacos are also a hit; Guy says “the lamb is perfect, tortillas are great (and) the feta is fantastic.”Special Dishes: Grilled Octopus, Lamb Taco

Ruth's Diner
2100 Emigration Canyon, Salt Lake City, UT 84108
y is Ruth's Diner almost 90 years old, but it's also home to 
"biscuit-baking bad boy" Ines Monreal, who has made nearly 3 million biscuits (including some blindfolded). Guy devoured the fluffy biscuits. Meanwhile, locals love Ruth's braised chicken and deep-fried mac and cheese.Special Dishes: Biscuits and Gravy, Grandma Claire's Baked Mac and Cheese

Red Iguana
736 W North Temple, Salt Lake City, UT 84116
denas family has been serving Mexican food 365 days a year since 1965. While their extensive menu offers everything from cochinita pibil to enchiladas suizas, the collection of mouthwatering moles (seven in total) is the signature showcase and a tribute to Mexico's national dish.Special Dishes: Mole, Nachos, Quesadillas, Red Iguana

Burger Bar
5291 S 1900 W, Roy, UT 84067
Guy says the Burger Bar in Roy, Utah, has been "doing it right" for 52 years. He loved the Big Ben burger, and although he ordered his as a single, you can order yours double, quarter, quad and even bigger. No burger is complete without the uber crunchy, thrice-fried fries served with fry sauce.Special Dishes: Big Ben Burger


Virginia

Perly's Restaurant & Delicatessen
111 E Grace St, Richmond, VA 23219
After moving to Richmond, owner Rachelle Roberts opened this Jewish deli up to share her family’s recipes with the city. The dishes are made completely from scratch, including favorites like the potato and duck pierogies, which are stuffed with a tender duck confit and wrapped in a sour cream-based dough. Guy also loved the Jewish Egg Rolls, which are stuffed with pastrami and sauerkraut.Special Dishes: Potato and Duck Pierogies, Jewish Egg Rolls

The Dirty Buffalo
4012 Colley Ave, Norfolk, VA 23508
Patrons flock to The Dirty Buffalo for the best wings south of Buffalo. Fresh wings that have never been frozen are tossed with any of the unique creations from their huge catalog of sauces. Guy loved the Buffalo Soldier sauce so much that he said he wanted “to use it as a stir fry sauce.” 
 Special Dish: Buffalo Soldier Wings

Captain Chuck-A-Muck's Sandbar and Grill
21088 Marina Rd, Carrolton, VA 23424
it or not, the owner of Captain Chuck-A-Muck's in Virginia, Chuck Lawrence, is an actual sea captain, making the fact that most of the fish and seafood is locally caught not the least surprising. The restaurant is famous for its crab cakes, which Guy described as ''all killer, no filler.''Special Dishes: Crab Cake, She-Crab Soup

Doumar's
1919 Monticello Ave, Norfolk, VA 23517
s hasn't just perfected the waffle cone — they also invented it. Home of the ''World's First Cone Machine,'' this place has been a staple of Norfolk, Va., for over a century. When Guy visited here on Triple D, he was a fan of the Strawberry Willy sundae and Doumar's signature limeade.Special Dishes: Waffle Cone, Strawberry Willy Sundae, Limeade, Orange Sherbet Freeze

Rigoletto Italian Bakery & Cafe
2181 Upton Dr #414, Virginia Beach, VA 23454
feel like you're in Italy at this mother and daughter-run bakery and cafe. Guy loved the sandwich with thin-sliced Marsala-marinated beef on fresh focaccia bread. The specialty is the stuffed meatballs, which are filled with cold cuts and cheese. For dessert, try the eclairs or the cannoli.Special Dishes: Focaccia Bread for Panini Sandwiches, Florintina Panini, Eclairs, Cannolis, Stuffed Meatballs and Spaghetti

Virginia Diner
U.S. Route 460, Wakefield, VA 23888
pening in 1929 inside a railroad car, Virginia Diner has become a destination for classic melt-in-your-mouth Southern cuisine, including Guy's favorite: collard greens. To finish your meal, don't leave without ordering the Peanut Pie. This is The Peanut Capital of the World, after all.Special Dishes: Virginia-Style Spoonbread, Fresh-Roasted Peanuts, Peanut Pie

Get Fresh Cafe
2500 Church St, Norfolk, VA 23504
ooking for farm-to-table eats should head straight to Get Fresh Cafe. On Triple D, Guy swung by this charming spot situated inside the Norfolk, Va., Five Points Community Farm Market. As Guy said, everything from the meatloaf mash to the vegan sloppy Joe had unbeatable "knock-out" flavor.Special Dishes: Meatloaf Mash

Dots Back Inn
4030 MacArthur Ave., Richmond, VA 23227
this small nondescript cafe is a menu filled with "tons of custom-built food." So says Guy, who visited the Richmond, Va., favorite for the Black Bean Corn Cakes loaded with fresh veggies and Chicken MacArthur pasta made with onions, tomatoes and feta cheese, which is "really popping."Special Dishes: Chicken with Feta, White Wine and Artichokes, Homemade Pesto

Metro 29 Diner
4711 Lee Hwy, Arlington, VA 22207
9 Diner is your traditional monster diner with a monster menu. Swing by for breakfast and chow down on the homemade challah bread French toast. On the weekends, remember to order the leg of lamb with potatoes. For Guy, “the kicker” is the savory, scratch-made gravy drizzled on top.Special Dishes: Roasted Leg of Lamb with Gravy, Challah French Toast

The Village Cafe
1001 W. Grace St., Richmond, VA 23220
le D, Guy described The Village Cafe as "part dive, part bar, but all neighborhood joint." Since 1956 they've been churning out a little of all three with "crunchy crunch" ale-battered onion rings and Italian classics like stromboli stuffed with ham, salami, mozzarella and green peppers.Special Dishes: Omelet, Burritos, Pizza, Calzones

Leaping Lizards Cafe
4408 Shore Dr, Virginia Beach, VA 23455
dy in town loves this cafe and antique shop for its low prices and farm-fresh produce. The "righteous" gourmet panini chicken salad sandwich made with homemade bread, shredded chicken, peach chutney, curry yogurt, fresh tomatoes and mixed greens was Guy's favorite. Also try the duck sammies.Special Dishes: Chicken Salad Sandwich, Duck Sammies

Citrus Breakfast & Lunch
2265 W Great Neck Rd, Virginia Beach, VA 23451
re if you're looking for some breakfast or lunch with a coastal twist. Guy enjoyed the citrus-glazed pancakes topped with cinnamon and nutmeg, bananas and pineapple. The soft-shell crab Benedict's "dynamite" flavor also impressed. The seafood comes straight from the docks and is always fresh.Special Dishes: Citrus-Glazed Pancakes , Soft-Shell Crab Benedict

Beach Pub
1001 Laskin Rd, Virginia Beach, VA 23451
food at the Beach Pub is always fresh and always delicious. Guy was crazy about the oysters Rockefeller, which were topped with spinach, bacon and feta cheese. The fish hash, an 80-year-old family recipe, also impressed Guy with its tang from the onions and richness from the bacon.Special Dishes: Oysters Rockefeller, Fish Hash

Whitner's Barbecue
869 Lynnhaven Pkwy #106, Virginia Beach, VA 23452
Born and raised on barbecue, owner Warren Rogers is pursuing his passion at Whitner's Barbecue. Guy liked the "real-deal" KC burnt ends seasoned with the house rub and homemade barbecue sauce. For an all-in-one Thanksgiving dinner, try Mr. Whitner's smoked turkey sandwich with cranberry chutney.Special Dishes: KC Burnt Ends, Mr. Whitner's Smoked Turkey Sandwich

La Caraquena
300 W Broad St, Falls Church, VA 22040
et the facade of this quaint restaurant in a funky hotel fool you: They have everything south of the border, including a variety of vegetarian fare. Visiting on Triple D, Guy found a taste of every Latin country, including amazing arepas stuffed so big they resemble overflowing clamshells.Special Dishes: Arepas

Moseberth's Fried Chicken
1505 Airline Blvd, Portsmouth, VA 23707
-year-old family-run fried chicken dive is now teaching the fourth generation the secrets to its craft. Guy loved the crunch and seasoning of the fried chicken dinner, which comes with a breast, a thigh, a wing and a long leg, as well as hush puppies, fries, coleslaw and potato salad.Special Dishes: Fried Chicken

Flip Flops VB Grill
2217 Upton Dr #814, Virginia Beach, VA 23454
stal cuisine found at this grill is laid-back, fun and fresh. Guy, a native Californian who has high standards for fish tacos, was impressed by the fresh ahi fish tacos topped with slaw and mango barbecue sauce. Locals recommend relaxing with a drink and a basket of sweet potato fries.Special Dishes: Fish Tacos, Sweet Potato Fries

Harvey's Hot Dogs II
3205 Stamford Rd., Portsmouth, VA 23703
d-school local hangout is pumping out hot dogs and Southern comfort food. The tender dumplings and the rich and creamy flavor of the chicken and dumpling soup captured Guy’s heart. Locals enjoy the chili dogs as well as the subs and barbecue.Special Dishes: Hot Dogs, Chicken and Dumpling Soup, Subs, Barbecue

Pendulum Fine Meats
820 Shirley Ave, Norfolk, VA 23517
Chef and Owner Dylan Wakefield is serving up sandwiches at Pendulum Fine Meats that transport Guy back to his childhood. The slow-roasted beef is “so thin, it only has one side,” said Guy.  Special Dishes: Roast Beef Sandwich, Cuban Sandwich

Jessy's Tienda y Taqueria
3201 E Ocean View Ave #104, Norfolk, VA 23518
This one-of-a-kind market/restaurant hides some of the best authentic Mexican food Guy has had outside of Mexico. The Consome De Borrego is so good that Guy can’t eat it fast enough. This is “one of my new favorite Mexican dishes,” he gushes. Special Dishes: Consome De Borrego, Huaraches a la Mexicana

Carib Shack
2272 W Great Neck Rd #2242, Virginia Beach, VA 23451
Carib Shack is the place for a little slice of the islands in a strip mall in Virginia Beach. The jerk pork bowl is a comforting combination of crispy pork coated in a special jerk barbeque sauce served over rice and veggies. Mama’s Stew Beef Bowl melds meltingly tender slow-cooked angus beef with stewed lentils and rice. Special Dish: Mama's Stew Beef Bowl

Alkaline
820 Shirley Ave, Norfolk, VA 23517
Chef and Owner Kevin Ordonez is taking Asian street food to another level at Alkaline. His popular wings are lightly coated and then fried twice for optimal crunch. He then carefully brushes each one with a sweet and spicy sauce so they don’t lose their crispiness. The braised ox tail-topped ramen was so packed with different flavors and spices that Guy never wanted to dish to end.Special Dishes: Asian Sticky Wings, Oxtail Ramen


Washington

Frost Me Sweet Bakery & Bistro
710 The Parkway, Richland 99352
Jason and Megan Savely started Frost Me Sweet as a bakery and it later morphed into a happening restaurant. In addition to 350 different flavors of cupcakes and elegantly decorated cakes, diners can taste Chef Jason’s unique cuisine like the Duck Bahn Mi and Sweet Potato Lasagna.Special Dishes: Duck Bahn Mi, Sweet Potato Lasagna

Barley's Brewhub
3320 W. Kennewick Ave, Kennewick, WA 99336
Barley’s Brewpub is known for their beer, but the restaurant is also making a mark with their menu. They offer real-deal barbecue and inventive house-made sausages in addition to a killer selection of brews.Special Dishes: Chicken Gyro Sausage, Smoked Braut with Chili

The Folded Pizza Pie
421 Wellsian Way, Richland 99352
The Folder Pie is the place to go for stuffed Italian specialties like calzone and stromboli. Chef Dale Leikam wraps savory and sweet toppings into his signature pizza dough. “If it’s funky I’ll find it, and you might be getting the freaky-funky award,” said Guy after trying the Chef Dale's wild and delicious creations.

Vinny's Bakery
1107 W. Lewis St, Pasco, WA 99301
Owner Vinny Marim and his son Charlie are serving sweet and savory specialties at this bakery in Pasco, Washington. The Cuban Sandwich is a standout, made on house-made baguette with slow-roasted pork, slathered with their house-made hot sauce, ham and Swiss cheese.Special Dishes: Cuban Sandwich, Vinny’s Chicken Sandwich

Nordic Smoke BBQ
14908 S Keeney Rd, Spokane, WA 99224
Nordic Smoke is a barbeque food truck that combines classic Southern ‘cue with a Norwegian twist. Brothers, Dusty and Casey, turned their father’s backyard hobby into a thriving business by investing in an old hickory smoker from Mississippi. Their brisket, a standout, is injected with beer butter and then smoked for 14 hours.Special Dishes: Brisket, Pork Spare Ribs, BBQ Beans

Ruins
825 N Monroe St, Spokane, WA 99201
Ruins is Tony Brown’s own personal culinary Disneyland. The menu is constantly changing but seek out the Dirty Fries. Guy was enamored with the crispy shoestring potatoes tossed with house-made aioli, salsa verde and roasted pork shoulder. “This is like something you have for your last meal,” he remarked. And don’t miss the Parisian-style gnocchi, made with a pate a choux dough instead of potato and then crisped up and tossed with Gruyere and tarragon.Special Dishes: Dirty Fries, Gnocchi

Bok A Bok Fried Chicken & Biscuits
1521 SW 98th St, Seattle, WA 98106
New York chef Brian O'Conner trained in classic cuisine but ended up falling for fried chicken. The dishes at Bok A Bok Fried Chicken & Biscuits highlight his love for the bird. The Soy Sesame Garlic Sandwich is fried up until potato chip crispy, topped with sweet soy sauce and arugula and served on a roll spread with lemon aioli.Special Dishes: Soy Sesame Garlic Sandwich, Bowl of Shame

Piroshki on 3rd
710 3rd Ave, Seattle, WA 98104
This restaurant specializes in Russian piroshki; they serve 20 different varieties of the savory, pastry-wrapped pockets. They are also dishing out traditional soups, dumplings, salads and more. Guy gushed over the Pelmeni, chicken-filled dumplings in a steaming broth. “I came here for the piroshki, but this soup is stealing the show,” he said.Special Dishes: Piroshki, Dumplings

Sisters and Brothers Bar
1128 S Albro Pl, Seattle, WA 98108
This knockout joint brings Nashville hot chicken to Seattle. Dig into wings, tenders, white/dark meat or a half bird with your prefered level of spice ("lil bit" to "insane"). The restaurant also has a selection of Southern favorites, such as chicken and waffles, homemade biscuits and gravy, fried green tomatoes and more.Special Dishes: Nashville Hot Chicken

The Red Door
3401 Evanston Ave N, Seattle, WA 98103
Known for its old-school pub menu and local craft beers, The Red Door is a favorite among locals. You can't go wrong with the fish and chips—the cod is super crispy on the outside and perfectly flaky on the inside. The beef dip sandwich, made with prime rib, is another great option.Special Dishes: Fish & Chips, Beef Dip

Pizzeria Credo
4111, 4520 California Ave SW, Seattle, WA 98116
Stop by Pizzeria Credo for a selection of wood-fired, Napoletano-style pizzas made with homemade mozzarella and imported tomatoes. If you're craving pasta, the Seattle joint also takes on classic dishes such as Linguine Alfredo, Penne Carbonara, Pappardelle Bolognese and more.Special Dishes: Tagliatelle Bolognese Sauce, Chicken Sous Vide Vallee d'Auge

Wood Shop BBQ
2513 S Jackson St, Seattle, WA 98144
Owners Matt Davis and James Barrington brought the best of Kansas- and Texas-style BBQ to Seattle with this family-friendly joint. Their formula is simple: tender meats smoked in solid Hickory for maximum flavor. The menu features meat by the pound (which includes a killer brisket), pork spare ribs, smoked wings, sandwiches, mac and cheese bowls and a variety of classic BBQ sides.Special Dishes: Pork Spareribs, Texas-Style Brisket

Voula's Offshore Cafe
658 NE. Northlake Way, Seattle, WA 98105
What started as a way to put her sons through college has turned into a full-time career for Voula and both her sons. On Triple D, Guy fills up on Voula's Greek Hobo scramble made with Greek sausage and her unique "Chinese Pancake." Take a pancake, add ham, then crack an egg right in the middle.Special Dishes: Greek Hobo (Egg Scramble), Chinese Pancake (Egg and Ham Pancake), Smokey the Salmon (Smoked Salmon Scramble), Stuffed Grape Leaves, Blueberry Pie

The Madison Diner (Formerly Big Star Diner)
305 Madison Ave. N., Bainbridge Island, WA 98110
ison Diner on Bainbridge Island, Wash., is an actual New Jersey diner that was shipped all the way to Washington. So it makes sense that the menu includes East Coast diner favorites with a West Coast twist. Check out the Atlantic Salmon Hash and the Guy-approved Chorizo Scramble.Special Dishes: Atlantic Salmon Hash, Chorizo Scramble, Burgers

Mike's Chili Parlor
1447 NW Ballard Way, Seattle, WA 98107
If you traveled back to 1922 and fast-forwarded to today, Mike's Chili Parlor would still be serving the same chili recipe passed down from Greece. The all-day cooking process makes for an over-the-top bowl of chili, chili burger and tasty chili pasta. As Guy says, "That's what I'm talking about."Special Dishes: Chili, Chili Burger, Chili Fries

Georgia's Greek Restaurant & Deli
323 NW 85th St, Seattle, WA 98117
kis Kazakos converted his auto repair shop into a Greek taverna and is now serving up his mom's recipes. Guy could not get enough of the keftethes, which are lamb sliders flavored with mint and parsley. The saganaki, fried cheese, was also "off the hook." Locals enjoy the lamb gyro the most.Special Dishes: Keftethes, Saganaki, Lamb Gyro

Bobby's Hawaiian Style Restaurant
14626 Hwy, 99 Suite 101, Lynnwood, WA 98087
Bobby's Hawaiian Style may be miles away from Hawaii, but owner Bobby Nakihei stayed true to his culinary roots. Guy loved his style. Bobby's making all the classics, like Kalua pork, Lau Lau (a pork dish wrapped in taro leaves and steamed) and the beloved Spam musubi, spam prepared sushi-style.Special Dishes: Lomi Lomi Salmon, Kalua Pork, Lau Lau

Bizzarro Italian Cafe
1307 N 46th St, Seattle, WA 98103
Bizzarro prides itself on its locally sourced seasonal menu and whimsical atmosphere. Guy licked his plate clean after diving into the linguini and clams with house made pancetta. The elk Bolognese was "monster tender" and not gamy at all. Customers also enjoy the puttanesca and organic lamb shank.Special Dishes: Linguini and Clams, Elk Bolognese, Puttanesca, Lamb Shank

Darby's Cafe
211 5th Ave SE, Olympia, WA 98501
ians, vegans and meat-eaters alike flock to this eatery for some good-old-fashioned cooking made with local fruits and vegetables. Guy loved the Creole oyster benedict topped with Creole cream sauce and served with a side of home fries. Loyal fans recommend the winter squash and apple hash.Special Dishes: Creole Oyster Benedict, Winter Squash and Apple Hash

Slim's Last Chance Chili Shack & Watering Hole
5606 1st Ave S, Seattle, WA 98108
this roadhouse for some chili that is "off the chain." Guy's favorite was the smoked pork Chili Verde over Jalapeno Mac and Cheese. If you're a traditionalist, order the Texas Red, which "has it going on" with a nice mild heat. The turkey chili is another fan favorite.Special Dishes: Chili Verde, Jalapeno Mac n' Cheese

Southern Kitchen Restaurant
1716 6th Ave, Tacoma, WA 98405
Nothing lifts the spirits like some good-old Southern comfort food cooking. Guy deemed the dense cornbread stuffing the star. Also memorable is the sweet, tender and moist fried chicken over mac and cheese. The hush puppies, battered catfish and grits are also popular.Special Dishes: Cornbread Stuffing, Fried Chicken over Mac and Cheese, Hush Puppies, Battered Catfish, Grits

Pam's Kitchen
1715 N 45th St, Seattle, WA 98103
Guy says "they're knocking out the real-deal food from Trinidad" at Pam's Kitchen with dishes like Spicy Jerk Chicken and Pelau. A must-try is the Dahlpuri, an unleavened bread stuffed with yellow split peas, then rolled up and cooked to order on the flattop.Special Dishes: Pelau, Dahlpuri, Curry Goat, Spicy Jerk Kitchen

Elk Public House
1931 W Pacific Ave, Spokane, WA 99201
30s-era pharmacy turned pub offers an eclectic spin on traditional pub grub. Reuben sandwiches are beer braised and served with housemade sauerkraut, and folks come  from afar to get their BBQ Chicken Quesadilla fix, and "they're making what you might be cranking out at home ," but better!Special Dishes: BBQ Chicken Quesadilla, Reuben

Chaps Coffee Co
4235 S Cheney-Spokane Rd, Spokane, WA 99224
ting foods from growing up on a farm led to the opening of Chaps Coffee Co., where Grandma's influences reign. A farmhouse twist on French toast is pretty close to a blueberry muffin cake topped with blueberry cream cheese. Try Grandma's baked oatmeal to satisfy that homemade craving.Special Dishes: French Toast, Baked Oatmeal, Mushroom and Brie Soup

Waddell's Pub and Grille
4318 S Regal, Spokane, WA 99223
With 50 beers on tap and many giant burgers to choose from, you're sure to have a great meal at this neighborhood spot. The Rube Waddell Burger's 6-ounce patty, corned beef and Swiss cheese excited Guy, as did the double-patty Big Dog Burger. The beer-braised lamb Philly was appreciated too.Special Dishes: Rube Waddell Burger, Big Dog Burger, Beer-Braised Lamb Philly

Picabu Neighborhood Bistro
901 W 14th Ave, Spokane, WA 99204
s menu may be small but it has huge variety. Guy enjoyed the Cactus Burger topped with pepper Jack cheese, a hot and spicy pepper/onions/bacon mix, marinated onions and the signature hamburger goo. The chicken and corn pot stickers with homemade wrappers kept him coming back for more.Special Dishes: Cactus Burger, Chicken and Corn Pot Stickers

Hills' Restaurant and Lounge
401 W Main Ave, Spokane, WA 99201
f at Hill's Restaurant and Lounge also doubles as a garden and the menu, not surprisingly, represents true garden-to-fork dining. Guy said "step away from my pork" when eating the pulled pork sandwich. But the Elk Burger is out of bounds with its homemade beer mustard and rooftop herb blend.Special Dishes: Pulled Pork Sandwich, Elk Burger


Washington--dc

Bub and Pop's
1815 M St NW, Washington, DC 20036
Chef Jon Taub trained in French cuisine, but it’s this Philly native’s knack for crafting hoagies that draws the crowds. Everything is scratch-made, including the condiments that adorn his creations like the Jewish Hoagie. This beauty stars four kinds of meat, including brisket braised for 14 days.Special Dishes: Jewish Hoagie, Roast Pork Sandwich, Lil' Petey's Sandwich

Carving Room
300 Massachusetts Ave NW, Washington, DC 20002
ot earned the name “carnivore compound” from Guy, thanks to its meat-heavy menu of scratch-made creations that reflect the owner’s Jewish-Moroccan roots. A must-try is the Chorizo Cigar: A thin dough wrapper is stuffed with spicy, housemade sausage, then fried until flaky and golden brown.Special Dishes: Cigars, Pastrami Poblano on Ciabatta

Toki Underground
1234 H Street NE, Washington, DC 20002
This semi-hidden noodle shop serves up addictive dishes like the Toki Classic Ramen that Guy describes as “a seven-course meal sitting inside of a bowl.” He also raves about the vegetarian dumplings, which feature a ginger-and-garlic-laced filling of fried tofu, shiitake mushrooms and daikon radish.Special Dishes: Vegetarian Dumplings, Toki Classic Ramen

Comet Ping Pong
5037 Connecticut Ave NW, Washington, DC 20008
't take long for James Alefantis to realize that combining his two loves, pizza and Ping-Pong, would be a great idea. In comes Comet Ping Pong, the D.C. hangout Guy couldn't resist visiting, as he called the Yalie clam pizza and the roasted pork Philly calzone some of the best he's ever had.Special Dishes: The Smoky Pizza, Yalie (Clam Pizza), Stanley (Pizza with Ricotta, Mozzarella, Peppers and Sausage), Philly Calzone, Homemade Ricotta

Oohhs & Aahhs Restaurant
1005 U St NW, Washington, DC 20001
amp; Aahhs Restaurant will make you do exactly that — go “ooh” and “aah.” This joint is the real deal when it comes to soul food, as they use classic recipes passed down from the two owners’ grandmothers. Guy can’t get enough of the shrimp and grits or the spicy Buffalo wings with fries.Special Dishes: Chicken Wings, Cajun Grilled Shrimp and Grits

Tortilla Cafe
210 7th St SE # 1, Washington, DC 20003
ittle spice and no DC politics, Tortilla Cafe delivers with Salvadorian pork-and-cheese pupusas. On Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, Guy calls these stuffed tortillas "out of bounds." For more out-of-bounds flavor, try the chicken tamales made with a traditional masa and perfect blend of spices.Special Dishes: Pork and Cheese Pupusas

Tune Inn Restaurant & Bar
331 Pennsylvania Ave SE, Washington, DC 20003
e than 60 years, politicians and hungry tourists have ventured to DC's Tune Inn for classic, greasy dive food. Guy raved about the Bon Ton sauce used generously for such specials as Joe's West Virginia sandwich made with American cheese and the beer-battered burger, dripping with flavor.Special Dishes: Burgers, Mike's Fried Chicken


West-virginia

Hillbilly Hot Dogs
6951 Ohio River Rd, Lesage, WV 25537
inside two school buses stacked up to a shed, Hillbilly's Hot Dogs is home to a menu of wild, crazy dogs, including the Egg Dog made with scrambled eggs and Pizza Dog smothered in pizza sauce. Guy's mission? Finish the famous Home Wrecker made with "15 inches of pure beef weenie."Special Dishes: The Doublewide, The Home Wrecker, Beef Sauce

Central City Cafe
529 14th St. W., Huntington, WV 25704
ocal where to find the best comfort food in Huntington, W.Va., and they'll direct you to the Central City Cafe. A hometown favorite is the white bean chili, which wouldn't be complete without a piece of homemade cornbread — Guy guarantees it'll make you happy.Special Dishes: White Bean Chili, Homemade Cornbread, Granny Faye's Meatloaf


Wisconsin

Franks Diner
508 58th St., Kenosha, WI 53140
le D, Guy takes a heaping mouthful of the famous Garbage Plate at Franks Diner. The signature dish made of hash and eggs (and everything in between) has made the Kenosha diner an institution since 1926. The French Toast Cinnamon Rolls and Peanut Butter and Jelly Pancakes don't hurt either.Special Dishes: Chorizo Garbage Plate

The Brick House Cafe and Catering
13485 Reynolds St, Cable, WI 54821
, the standout at The Brick House Cafe is the espresso BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Prepared with a homemade dry rub and then marinated, the pork is topped with a delicious barbecue sauce that gives it a smoky flavor. Another favorite is the French toast with a caramel-toffee brulee drizzle.Special Dishes: Espresso BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich, French Toast, Panini

Comet Cafe
1947 N Farwell Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53202
cafe, even the bloody Mary comes with bacon. Guy could barely finish the meat mountain - a stack of meatloaf, bacon mashed potatoes and bacon on rye bread. Starving? Try the Akimbo Burger, which uses two grilled cheese sandwiches for a bun, or order a beer and get a bottomless bowl of bacon.Special Dishes: Meat Mountain, Bloody Mary, Akimbo Burger, Bottomless Bacon, AJ's Compact Turkey Dinner (Fried Balls of Turkey, Stuffing and Mashed Potatoes)

Delta Diner
14385 County Highway H, Delta, WI 54856
ner is in the middle of nowhere, but it’s worth the trip. Traditional dishes get funky twists, like the red-eye gravy made with ground espresso beans. Served over buttermilk biscuits, it has the locals hooked. Guy loves the Norwegian Pancake with jalapeno, declaring it “a crepe gone wild.”Special Dishes: Norwegian Pancake

Kounty Quarthouse
4119 County Road K, South Range, WI 54874
ls Kounty Quarthouse’s Chef Beth Cherny “gangster” for her no-fuss way of cooking. Don’t miss her chipotle brisket, which is stacked on top of cheddar biscuits and served with chipotle sauce made from scratch. The pork belly sandwich with slaw and Asian barbecue sauce is another standout.Special Dishes: Pork Belly Sandwich, Chipotle Brisket

Shorty’s Pizza & Smoked Meat
1015 Tower Ave, Superior, WI 54880
s dishes are inspired by Montreal’s obsession with smoked meat, like the Meat Lover’s pizza topped with sausage, pepperoni and bacon. Guy knows to order the hidden dish not listed on the menu – the hunter’s chicken, featuring a signature sauce that’s their take on a red wine reduction.Special Dishes: Meat Lover's Pizza, Hunter's Chicken

Cempazuchi
1205 E Brady St, Milwaukee, WI 53202
If you're skeptical on how authentic Mexican food could be in Milwaukee, you'll change your mind after trying the mole at Cempazuchi. Owner Bryce Clark has been traveling to Mexico and seeking out recipes to deliver unique authentic dishes like duck tacos and Fajitas de Nortenos.Special Dishes: Mole Poblano

Anchor Bar, Superior
413 Tower Ave, Superior, WI 54880
this self-proclaimed dive bar for some huge burgers at dirt-cheap prices. Triple-D fans love the Gally Buster, which is a 1-pound triple cheeseburger for only $6. If you don’t mind spicy, try the Jalapeno Cream Cheese Burger with extra bacon or go crunchy with the Cashew Burger.Special Dishes: Jalapeno Cream Cheese Burger, Cashew Burger, Gally Buster


Wyoming

Lotus Cafe
145 N Glenwood St, Jackson, WY 83001
A 100 percent organic joint is not what you expect in Wyoming, but local hot spot Lotus Cafe is exactly that. Guy loves the velvety texture of the Bombay Bowl with bison, vegetables, mango, roasted coconut and a special tikka sauce. The Thai curry bowl with rice noodles is another diner favorite.Special Dishes: Bombay Bowl, Thai Curry

Cafe Genevieve
135 E Broadway, Jackson, WY 83001
This renovated cabin space now houses a casual joint with an eclectic menu. One of Cafe Genevieve’s star dishes is Pig Candy (a bacon lover's dream). Thick applewood-smoked bacon is cooked fresh daily and covered in a blend of sugars and spices; it's baked “low and slow,” which results in the ultimate coating. Pig Candy became so popular that the restaurant now sells it by the box on-site and at select shops around town. At brunch, step up your salad game with the aptly named Pig Candy Salad, which features the chopped candy sprinkled on top like bacon bits. Special Dishes: Ramen Noodle Bowl, Pork Neck Ragu, Pig Candy

Nora’s Fish Creek Inn
5600 W Hwy 22, Wilson, WY 83014
Nora’s Fish Creek Inn is the place locals flock to for breakfast, lunch and dinner. A favorite is the banana-bread French toast topped with powdered sugar, blueberries and walnuts, which Guy likens to a “breakfast avalanche.” Guy also loves the “super creamy” beef stroganoff with mushroom sauce.Special Dishes: Banana Bread French Toast, Beef Stroganoff

Pica’s Mexican Taqueria
1160 Alpine Ln, Jackson, WY 83001
ou may not expect good Mexican food in Wyoming, Pica’s will prove you wrong. Guy tries the Sopes de Chicken Tinga: masa boats filled with refried beans and chicken tinga, then topped with lettuce, cheese, tomato, onion, chipotle salsa and sour cream. The pork posole verde is also a must-try.Special Dishes: Sopes de Chicken Tinga, Pork Posole Verde

Pinky G’s Pizzeria
50 W Broadway, Jackson, WY 83001
Follow Guy’s lead and satisfy your pizza cravings at Pinky G’s. Guy savors the Funky Chicken, which is smothered in basil pesto and topped with marinated chicken breasts, ricotta, red onions, artichoke hearts and mozzarella. Another must-try is The Abe Froman: Spicy sausage is the star of this pie.Special Dishes: Funky Chicken Pizza, The Abe Froman Pizza

Sidewinders American Grill & Tavern
945 W Broadway, Jackson, WY 83001
onion soup may not be what you expect at a sports bar, but that’s exactly what Guy gets at Sidewinders and he calls it “the real deal.” If you are looking for more-traditional bar food, opt for the "S"idewinder Pretzel, which you can get stuffed with mozzarella, pepperoni or jalapenos.Special Dishes: Sidewinder Pretzel, French Onion Soup


